nd and two sons are accused of plotting "violent jihad" overseas said federal authorities tricked her into leaving her home so they could search it.Sabrina Boyd says terrorism allegations against her husband Daniel and two sons are false.Sabrina Boyd said Tuesday that she rushed out to a hospital earlier this week after being told her loved ones had been in a serious car accident.The FBI declined to comment on the allegation.Boyd's claims came the day before an eighth suspect in this North Carolina group of alleged terrorism supporters was identified as Jude Kenan Mohammad a knowledgeable source told CNN Wednesday.Authorities had said Tuesday that they were seeking an eighth suspect in the case although they would not identify the person who is described as a U.S. citizen and North Carolina resident in an indictment.Seven men already arrested in the case face charges of supporting terrorism and conspiracy to commit murder abroad. They are scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday.Officials identified three of the men as U.S. native Daniel Patrick Boyd 39 -- who according to the indictment had fought against the Soviets in Afghanistan -- and Boyd's sons Dylan Boyd 22 also known as "Mohammed and Zakariya Boyd, 20.

The four others are: Mohammad Omar Aly Hassan, also a U.S.-born citizen; Hysen Sherifi, identified as a native of Kosovo who is a legal permanent resident of the United States; and Hiyad Yaghi and Anes Subasic, both naturalized U.S. citizens.

Sabrina Boyd, the wife of Daniel Patrick Boyd and the mother of the two younger Boyds, said the allegations against her family are false.

I know that my husband and my sons are free of guilt she told CNN Tuesday. I'm hopeful that the truth will come to light."  Watch as Sabrina Boyd says she's proud of her husband and sons »She said she had not spoken to her husband or to her son Dylan but had spoken to Zakariya.He seemed OK, she said. "He said 'They're innocent the truth will come out.'"Learning about the arrest of her husband and sons had been particularly distressing because of the manner in which she found out she said.She said federal authorities sent a person the family knew to her door this week to tell her that her husband and three sons had been sideswiped by a tractor-trailer.The person was wearing a shirt that appeared to be covered in blood she said and told her "it was grave and they were bleeding and I needed to be rushed immediately to Duke Hospital she said.

For Sabrina Boyd, the news was all too familiar: In 2007, her 16-year-old son, Luqman, was killed in a car crash.

I had already been through this two years prior she said.

She said authorities took her, her daughter and pregnant daughter-in-law to the hospital, where she learned that her husband and sons had not been in a car accident.

When we got to the hospital they brought us around back separated us handcuffed us including my 8-month pregnant daughter[-in-law] and were very rude and then told us 'They're not dying they're detained. And you better cooperate with us.'"She added "They used the death of my son to trick me into getting out of my own house so they could just serve a warrant with nobody there."All eight suspects are accused of plotting "violent jihad" overseas according to the indictment and are charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and conspiracy to murder kidnap maim and injure people.The indictment makes no reference to a direct threat to individuals or property in the United States but said the men had practiced military tactics in a North Carolina county that borders Virginia.The court document also mentions overseas trips taken by several of the men. According to the indictment Daniel Boyd and his sons left the United States for Israel in June 2007 to "engage in violent jihad but ultimately returned to the United States after failing in their efforts."It said Yaghi and Hassan also traveled to Israel in June 2007 and that Daniel Boyd lied to Customs and Border Protection agents at the Atlanta Georgia and Raleigh airports about intending to meet the two men in the Jewish state.The indictment also said Daniel Boyd traveled to Gaza in March 2006 "to introduce his son to individuals who also believed that violent jihad was a personal obligation on the part of every good Muslim."Sabrina Boyd said her husband flew to Israel in 2007 with Zakariya after Luqman's death. Both sons were to have gone she said.They'd always wanted to go to the Holy Land, she said.However she said Zakariya and Daniel Boyd were detained by Israeli authorities and were deported to France. She offered no details.About a year earlier Daniel Boyd had taken the couple's youngest son Noah to Jerusalem to visit holy sites she said saying the trips were not unusual for Muslims Christians or Jews.The indictment alleges that Daniel Boyd traveled to Pakistan and Afghanistan during 1989 to 1992 and learned military-style training in terrorist camps there. He also fought the Soviets in Afghanistan the indictment says.According to The Washington Post Daniel Boyd and his brother Charles had been sentenced in 1991 in Pakistan to have their right hands and left feet cut off after being convicted of bank robbery.The newspaper reported in October 1991 that the brothers and their families had moved to Peshawar to work with a Muslim relief agency.The country's Supreme Court overturned their convictions the newspaper reported.CNN's David Mattingly Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report. (CNN) -- The defense for Charles Taylor is expected to submit its counter-recommendation Thursday after prosecutors said the former Liberian president deserves an 80-year sentence for a war crimes conviction.Taylor was found guilty last month of aiding and abetting war crimes in neighboring Sierra Leone's civil war.Should the trial chamber decide to impose a global sentence, 80 years' imprisonment would be appropriate, said Brenda Hollis chief prosecutor for the Special Court for Sierra Leone.In the statement last week the prosecutor said the sentence reflects the gravity of the crimes.But for Charles Taylor's criminal conduct, thousands of people would not have had limbs amputated, would not have been raped, would not have been killed, Hollis said. "The recommended sentence provides fair and adequate response to the outrage these crimes caused in victims their families and relatives."Last month's landmark ruling by the international tribunal was the first war crimes conviction of a former head of state by an international court since the Nuremberg trials of Nazi leaders after World War II.Taylor 64 was found guilty of all 11 counts of aiding and abetting rebel forces in a campaign of terror that involved murder rape sexual slavery conscripting children younger than 15 and mining diamonds to pay for guns.Prosecutors accused Taylor of financing and giving orders to rebels in Sierra Leone's civil war that ultimately left 50000 dead or missing. His support for the rebels fueled the bloody war prosecutors said.Prosecutors however failed to prove that he had direct command over the rebels who committed the atrocities.There is no death penalty in international criminal law and he would serve out any sentence in a British prison.Taylor has been a pivotal figure in Liberian politics for decades and was forced out of office under international pressure in 2003. He fled to Nigeria where border guards arrested him three years later as he was attempting to cross into Chad.His trial was at the special court for Sierra Leone in The Hague Netherlands. U.N. officials and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up the tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities. The court was moved from Sierra Leone where emotions about the civil war still run high.Taylor becomes the first former head of state since Adm. Karl Doenitz who became president of Germany briefly after Adolf Hitler's suicide to be convicted of war crimes or crimes against humanity by an international tribunal.Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was tried by an international tribunal but died before a judgment was issued. Washington (CNN) -- Close to 20 inches of snow piled up at the nation's capital as a blizzard pounded mid-Atlantic states Saturday cutting power to hundreds of thousands in the region in what the president referred to as "Snowmaggedon."Snow was falling from southern Indiana eastward to New York City Washington Pennsylvania Delaware and the New Jersey coast.President Obama kept to his busy Washington schedule amid the swirling flakes and ditched "the Beast" -- his souped-up Cadillac limousine -- for an armored four-wheel drive Chevy Suburban capable of trudging through the several inches of snow.Despite plowing and shoveling the continuous snow made for a slippery White House driveway. Before the 15-vehicle presidential motorcade pulled out of the driveway headed to the Capital Hilton for Obama's speech to democrats one of the emergency vehicles lost traction and slid into an SUV. No one was in the car at the time. Flights canceled highway crews mobilizedAbout 19.5 inches of snow fell at American University in Washington over two days and was on track to possibly break a record. The capital received 28 inches of snow in the "Knickerbocker Storm" of January 27-28 1922.The blizzard has left hundreds of thousands of customers from Virginia to Pennsylvania without power utility companies said. As of 12 p.m. Dominion Virginia Power had restored electricity to 101000 of 207000 customers who were without power Saturday morning the company said.In Maryland and Washington more than 104000 Pepco customers were in the dark the utility company said. The majority or 81324 live in Montgomery County Maryland and 9587 live in Washington according to Pepco.In Philadelphia a reported 26.7 inches had fallen at the airport by 1 p.m. the National Weather Service said.We are getting absolutely clobbered this morning with snow, said Steven Steingard a lawyer who lives in suburban Philadelphia. "We have about a foot already and they say it will continue for 10 to 12 hours more."The storm also may produce a record snowfall for Baltimore which has 21 inches of snow so far according to the National Weather Service. Virginia snowman is taller than a houseIn College Park Maryland snow-laden power lines drooped onto branches causing power failures. One city resident Ben Hampton told CNN he could could hear electrical transformers popping.Annapolis Maryland had 18 inches of snow by Saturday. State officials at the briefing said 2400 pieces of equipment were trying to clear highways. The state also was relying on 300 National Guard members to help with ongoing weather trouble. Check on traffic and road conditionsMore than 750 personnel are clearing roads in Washington Mayor Adrian Fenty said. But the heavy wet snow has even trapped some plows Washington Department of Transportation director Gabe Klein said.Flights were canceled at Washington-Baltimore area's three main airports and at Philadelphia International Airport. Amtrak has canceled many trains in and out of Washington and Greyhound has been halted until 1 p.m. Sunday Klein said. Check on flight delaysOn Friday a weather-related accident in Virginia's Wythe County left two dead state police said. A father and son stopped on a shoulder to help injured occupants of a disabled vehicle. Minutes later a tractor-trailer jackknifed and struck their van while trying to avoid hitting the disabled car.The father and son died at the scene state police said.Virginia state police said the accident was one of many crashes and disabled cars reported.Winter storm warnings were in effect from southern Indiana eastward to New York City and south to North Carolina with blizzard warnings for Washington Delaware and the New Jersey coast. Are you snowed in? Share photos and videosDelaware Gov. Jack Markell declared a state of emergency Friday night and ordered all vehicles off the roads by 10 p.m. ET.Forecasters were predicting that the mountains of West Virginia and Maryland west of the nation's capital would receive the most snow -- possibly 3 feet.CNN's Greg Morrison Suzanne Malveaux and Angela Fritz contributed to this report. (CNN) -- The wife of Singapore's first prime minister died at her home Saturday at the age of 89.A private funeral for Kwa Geok Choo will take place next Wednesday the prime minister's office said in a statement.She was married to Lee Kuan Yew who is widely credited with molding Singapore into one of the world's most prosperous countries.Lee 87 was the founding father of the island nation. His son Lee Hsien Loong is now Singapore's prime minister -- the country's third since it gained independence from Malaysia in 1965.The elder Lee was admitted to the Singapore General Hospital earlier this week for a chest infection NEW YORK (CNN) -- In 2009 some units of the New York Police Department still function more like "Dragnet" than "CSI." They rely on typewriters.Records show New York City signed a $432900 contract for typewriter maintenance with in 2008.NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne confirmed the department's continued if limited use of the 20th-century writing devices explaining that they're mainly used for filling out property vouchers -- forms that officers must file when they seize items during case investigations. The typewriters also are retained in case a technological meltdown disables the NYPD's computers he said.The vintage typing machines do not come cheap.Public records show that the city signed a $432900 contract for typewriter maintenance with Afax Business Machines in 2008 as well as a $99570 contract with that company in 2009. Typewriter company Swintec received a $982269 contract from the city in 2007.Eugene O'Donnell a former New York police officer who now lectures at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice said the typewriters are an anachronism -- and a waste.The two places you'd find typewriters are the museum and the police department, O'Donnell said. Typewriters create significant efficiency and storage problems for the department he added causing extra labor and unwieldy paper trails.Deputy Commissioner Browne emphasized that "we have a $4 billion budget" and the financial resources devoted to typewriters are relatively miniscule.Officers interviewed by CNN on the street had no soft spots for the contraptions.It's so antiquated, said one officer who did not want to be identified.Her partner shared her frustration. "It's very inconvenient -- you have to find ink you have to find this find that." (CNN) -- Nine months after a Justice Department investigation castigated Puerto Rico's police department another exhaustive report this one by the American Civil Liberties Union discloses evidence of widespread abuses and violations of civil rights.The Puerto Rico Police Department the second-largest police department in the United States was the object of a scathing report by the ACLU that concluded things have not changed since the government issued its own report.The 17000-strong department "is a dysfunctional and recalcitrant police force that has run amok for years the report said.

The organization found routine use of excessive force and incidents of civil and human rights violations, especially against low-income people, Puerto Ricans of African descent and Dominican immigrants.

These abuses do not represent isolated incidents or aberrant behavior by a few rogue officers. Such police brutality is pervasive and systemic island-wide and ongoing the new report states.

Puerto Rico's secretary of state called the ACLU report a rehash" of what the federal government had already found and said that changes are already under way.Millions of dollars have been spent on retraining new equipment and salary raises to improve morale Secretary of State Kenneth McClintock said.The Justice Department's own report included more than 100 recommendations that had been drafted and implemented by the Puerto Rican government itself he said.We are already changing the police force and changing it dramatically, he said.Government officials of the U.S. commonwealth admit that there are some problems with its police force but it is not correct to call it pervasive he said.For some agents it was something ingrained, in some members of the force, McClintock said.The Puerto Rican government has raised more than $50 million to spend on its police force much of that going to police raises and training.When the Justice Department released its report last year it noted that amid the allegations of abuse Puerto Rico was grappling with a record-number of homicides in 2010.The ACLU report updates the figure saying that with 1130 murders in 2011 last year set a record for homicides.Over a five-year period from 2005 to 2010 more than 1700 officers -- or about 10% of the total police force -- were arrested for criminal activity such as assault theft domestic violence drug trafficking and even murder the report says.The ACLU says that incidents of abuse or impropriety have been reported as recently as May of this year.You don't have a dramatic transformation overnight, McClintock said.According to the ACLU the Puerto Rico Police Department has used unreasonable force in at least some of the 28 deaths of civilians that it said came at the hands of the police.The most recent killing happened in April of this year the report states.On April 27 two brothers got into a dispute with a police officer after he stopped their sister for speeding. At one point one of the brothers took the officer's nightstick and hit him with it and the other hit him with a pipe police have said. The officer responded by firing 14 times killing Saul Medina Figueroa and critically injuring Adrian Medina Figuaroa the report states.The sister disputes that the officer acted in self-defense raising questions about the justification of the officer's use of force the ACLU report says.The ACLU based its findings on interviews conducted in Puerto Rico between March and September 2011.Puerto Rico: A forgotten front in America's drug war?KKK wants ACLU help to adopt highwayCNN's Nick Valencia contributed to this report. Seoul (CNN) -- Is she or isn't she? Pregnancy rumors and speculation are swirling around the world but the lady in question is saying nothing.This could easily be about a Hollywood star but this time we're talking about the world's most reclusive nation North Korea and its first lady.Ri Sol Ju the wife of young leader Kim Jong Un has not been seen in public for around two months according to North Korea watchers. A photo released by the state-run news agency KCNA shows her back in public and wearing a long coat that could be hiding a bump. Ri watched a football match and attended a musical concert with her husband Monday to mark the 60th anniversary of the Kim Il Sung Military University.Read more: North Korea's leader still a mysterySouth Korean media has kicked into overdrive to speculate on whether she is pregnant or whether she was kept out of the public eye as a disciplinary measure for a perceived slight. Local media has claimed she may have fallen out of favor for not wearing a lapel pin of the former leaders a requirement for adult North Koreans.Rumors first came out from officials who attended the same event, said Kim Yong-hoon head of the North Korean desk at Daily NK an online newspaper based in Seoul that focuses on North Korea. "They started questioning and speculating if she was pregnant and it has spread throughout the country and that's how we heard about the rumors."Kim says the interest in whether Ri is pregnant is far higher outside of North Korea than it is inside according to his sources inside the isolated nation.Read more: Power consolidation inside North KoreaJohn Delury assistant professor at Yonsei University says this global interest speaks volumes about the way any news about North Korea is handled.Do we track the last time Michelle Obama showed up? Delury says. "Our minds are so trained to do this with North Korea that we miss the bigger picture which is there is something new --and by almost international standards we could say more normal -- about the way she appears in public."By announcing Ri Sol Ju as his wife and having her accompany him on many public engagements Kim Jong Un has shown a personality very different to his late father Kim Jong Il.While producing a son and heir for a dynastic regime is considered very important Delury points out "that's also true for the families of the 'chaebol' or business conglomerates of South Korea for Hyundai and Samsung he says. Even in the U.S. and UK powerful families are concerned about producing the next generation."Read more: Kim Jong Il's sushi chef returns after fleeing for lifeJournalist Jungeun Kim contributed to this report London (CNN) -- The Syrian poet critic and artist Adonis has been described as the greatest living Arab poet.He was the first Arab to win the German Goethe Prize last year at the age of 81 whose judges described him as "the most important Arab poet of our time and he was one of the favorites to win last year's Nobel Prize for Literature.

Adonis, born Ali Ahmad Said Esbar, grew up in a poor village near the Syrian city of Latakia and received no formal education until he was granted a scholarship to a French lycee by the then president of Syria at the age of 13.

He was forced to leave Syria in 1956 after being imprisoned for his involvement in the opposition Syrian National Socialist Party. He moved to Beirut, Lebanon, and now lives in Paris and Beirut.

He spoke to CNN through an interpreter at an exhibition of his collages and a series of literary events called A Tribute to Adonis" at the Mosaic Rooms in London until March 30.CNN: How do you feel watching the situation in Syria?Adonis: I'm very sad. I wish that the regime would understand that it has to reform or renew itself and create a new government through free and fair elections.I also wish that the opposition had not resorted to armed violence because I'm personally against violence in all its forms. I do not see any justification for its use whatsoever.CNN: Should the outside world intervene in Syria?A: The world should not interfere especially not militarily. The Western world should not use this as a pretext to fulfill its own goals in the region.More from Inside the Middle East: Filmmaker Nigol Bezian's tour of 'Little Armenia' in BeirutCNN: Are you in touch with friends in Syria?A: I last went to Syria a year and a half ago but I'm always in touch with my friends there. Many of them are in the opposition -- but in the peaceful opposition. Many of them share my views that the solution must be Syrian and through a democratic dialogue. We must reach a new regime that is democratic plural and secular.CNN: Are your friends scared?A: Their main fear is for the violence and for the potential for the situation to develop into civil war. They are not scared to speak out. They can talk openly.CNN: How have events of the past year changed the Arab world?A: There's definitely a new consciousness everywhere. The question is will this lead to a new political reality and new regimes? It's difficult to predict but I hope so.CNN: Have you seen changes in Lebanon where you have lived on and off since 1956?A: Lebanon will remain as it has always been: An ongoing project a work in progress. It's a project that's difficult to stop but it's equally difficult to continue with.CNN: You received no formal education until you recited one of your own poems to the then Syrian president in 1943. How did that happen?A: It was almost 70 years ago after Syria became independent and the president was touring the country. I was 12 or 13 and I read a poem in front of the president. He called me over and asked what I wanted. I said I would like to go to school so I got a scholarship to a school in Latakia.More from Inside the Middle East: Women and the Arab uprisings: 8 'agents of change' to followCNN: How did that change your life?A: Poetry gave me a new life. I can always say that poetry allowed me to be reborn.CNN: How important is poetry in Arab culture?A: There are two things that are central to our culture: Religion and poetry. They were always in conflict. Unfortunately now religion is overwhelming poetry but I have a saying that poetry remains deeply-rooted and strong. Poetry has never had any influence throughout history however poetry creates a new aesthetic a new beauty a new type of relations between things and people and this is not insignificant.CNN: What was Syria like before 1970 when Hafez al-Assad Bashar's father came to power?A: I left Syria in 1956 a few years before the Baath party became the government in 1963. I was always opposed to the Baathist ideology. I was always against the one-party state.CNN: You left Syria after being imprisoned for membership of an opposition party in 1956 then you left Lebanon in 1982 after the Israeli invasion. Do you feel you have always been in exile?A: I don't only feel in exile because of these two departures. There are many other factors making me feel this way: Relationships with other people my relationship with language my relationship with the world. Love sometimes makes you feel you are in exile. Existentially the feeling of permanence is always accompanied by a feeling of exile of impermanence.CNN: How has Syria changed since you left?A: What's strange is I feel it is I who has changed not the country.CNN: What are your memories of the Syria of your youth?A: I remember the coast the mountains the beautiful girls for which Syria is famous. I miss swimming in the sea.CNN: Will you ever go back to live in Syria?A: I would like to go back but I don't think my desire will be fulfilled.CNN: The Mosaic Rooms in London is currently running 'A Tribute to Adonis' and an exhibition of your artwork. What does this mean to you?A: I'm very happy. There's a lot of attention and a lot of sensitive appreciation. (Mashable) -- For all their buzz and value location-based social networks haven't really gone mainstream yet. Only 7 percent of Americans are aware of location-based social networks according to data from Edison Research.Part of the explanation for this is that the majority of mobile users aren't using smartphones. And as a result just 10 percent of those surveyed use mobile location services at least once a week according to the Mobile Marketing Association's latest Mobile Consumer Briefing survey. For smartphone users like those of the iPhone (a popular device among early adopters) that number jumps all the way up to 63 percent.Still even with smartphones predicted to overtake feature phones sometime next year there may still be adoption hurdles for location-based social networks. Here's a look at why location-based services haven't yet hit critical mass and what those platforms are doing about it.Privacy concerns remain an issueKristine van Dillen director of industry initiatives and partnerships at the Mobile Marketing Association said location-based services aren't growing as quickly as they should be. One reason for the lag is concern over privacy and who has access to users' data.Sites like PleaseRobMe.com which humorously bring awareness to location-based privacy issues may have scared some social media users from opting in. Furthermore the use of geo-location data for commercial purposes has also raised concerns prompting the Congressional subcommittee on Commerce Trade and Consumer Protection to hold hearings on the issue.Concerns about loopholes in Foursquare that give others the ability to announce your check-inshave also been raised.There's still a perceived risk in accessing location data, van Dillen said.Location-based service providers are addressing these concerns by giving consumers more control. Most current iterations of the popular location-based networks allow users to opt-out of location tagging and notifying users when their location is being shared.Consumer education is also key. Users need to know how their location data will be used and feel comfortable that the companies that have access to it will behave responsibly according to van Dillen.She said consumers will become more comfortable sharing information with their friends and trusted applications. Brands will view these services as less risky and more mainstream and new types of location-based services will come to the forefront.Where is the value?Because of privacy concerns it is imperative for location-based services to clearly communicate the value proposition to users. Without a clear picture of what they're getting in return users may be hesitant to share location data.One of the ultimate promises of location-based check-ins is more accurately targeted advertising. For some users the privacy concerns of sharing their location might be trumped by the potential utility of receiving highly targeted advertising and promotions.However even though Gowalla Foursquare BrightKite and Yelp allow for check-ins at "places rather than just map coordinates, which makes the data more valuable for targeted advertising, actual advertiser value hasn't yet totally materialized.

Michael Boland, a senior analyst and program director at BIA/Kelsey said check-ins represent the makings of a business model, but they haven't reached their full potential value yet because there isn't a well-defined system to buy and sell advertising. I think it does have a lot of staying power. We're only going to see it grow and evolve he said.

For early adopters, though, the long-term promise of more value through targeted ads, coupons and deals, along with the game mechanics (i.e., badges and mayor" competitions) instituted by some networks has made location-based services worth the potential privacy headaches.As Twitter and Facebook move into the location tagging space they might finally take the trend mainstream.During its Chirp developer conference in April Twitter announced the launch of its annotations feature which gives users the ability to attach metadata to tweets including location. Facebook meanwhile will also reportedly soon enable members to add location details to their status updates and release an API so other apps can offer location ability to Facebook users.Each network faces the usual hurdles for location adoption.For Twitter the biggest problem might be convincing users of the value of location-enabled tweets. Twitter has yet to clearly communicate to users what they get in return for adding location to their tweets. On their knowledge base page explaining the feature they write that location will help you "add context to your updates and help you join the local conversation wherever you are."Twitter gives an example of one user tweeting about the weather in one location while another user tweets about traveling to that very location. Unfortunately for Twitter compared to sites like Foursquare and Gowalla which clearly indicate the value -- every check-in is part of a game you can find your friends get tacit recommendations for places to go and maybe score a deal or two -- Twitter is only communicating what feels like a very niche and impractical value proposition.Further because location is off by default for all users without a more clearly communicated message the feature may remain off for many people.Facebook meanwhile faces the other major problem: Privacy. Because Facebook has had so many different privacy issues over the years many users are wary of new features. And Facebook hasn't always had the best track record when it comes to rolling out new features in a way that people trust. So how they roll out location to users and how well they do at making users feel that their information is safe may be make or break for location on Facebook.One thing Facebook does have in its favor is a great track record of getting people to eventually use new services en masse -- concerns or not. When Facebook launched its news feed feature in 2006 it faced a very vocal user backlash. A few months and a few tweaks later the feature was widely used and has become an integral part of the service.The advantage for both Twitter and Facebook is that their users already have a built-in network of followers and friends so they don't have to sign up for a new service and start adding people to it. The location feature is simply an add-on to their existing account.Facebook could really be the looming giant that could wipe all [other location services] away, Boland said. "Facebook has proven to have so many users who are mobile. If they turn on that feature it's the looming category killer."What remains to be seen is if the users will go for it.© 2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved. (CNN Student News) -- September 8 2010Download PDF maps related to today's show:• Colorado • Texas • JapanTranscriptTHIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.CARL AZUZ CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR: I'm Carl Azuz and you're watching CNN Student News! Today's headlines no commercials. Bringing you stories from all over the U.S. today and we start things off in Colorado.First Up: Colorado WildfiresAZUZ: That's where authorities are trying to put out a wildfire that's been burning for a couple days now. The state's governor has declared a state of emergency. The fire is near the city of Boulder. Around 3500 people were told to leave their homes and school was canceled in the area. As of yesterday afternoon there hadn't been any reports of injuries. Planes like the one you see here are dropping fire retardant chemicals that are used to try to put out the fires. The planes can only fly in certain conditions though so if the weather gets bad or the wind picks up that can be problematic. Officials say that more equipment and more firefighters are heading to the area to help out with the efforts there.Tropical Storm HermineAZUZ: These images were taken in Texas on Monday night. They give you an idea of the conditions caused by Tropical Storm Hermine. This storm made landfall near Brownsville. It got weaker as it moved across the state but Hermine still dumped huge amounts of rain on parts of Texas. Forecasters expected some areas to get up to 10 inches of rain. And in the southern part of the state Hermine threatened what are called "storm surges." Those can raise water levels; in this case maybe as much as 3 feet.Just the FactsTOMEKA JONES CNN STUDENT NEWS: Just the facts. The Quran is the holy book of the Islamic religion. Its name comes from an Arabic term that means "the recitation." The Quran is made up of 114 chapters which are divided into different verses. It includes specific laws and rules for Islamic society as well as guidance for Muslims about their daily lives.Quran ControversyAZUZ: The Quran is a big part of a protest that's scheduled for this Saturday. The Dove World Outreach Church in Gainesville Florida is planning to burn Qurans. Terry Jones the church's pastor says the protest is aimed at Islamic extremists not at all Muslims. And he acknowledges that it'll make some people upset.TERRY JONES CHURCH PASTOR DOVE WORLD OUTREACH: We feel that the message that we are trying to send is much more important than people being offended. We believe that we cannot back off of the truth of the dangers of Islam of the dangers of radical Islam just because people are going to be offended.AZUZ: A lot of people are criticizing this idea to burn Qurans. That includes other religious leaders. Some of them came together in Washington D.C. yesterday to speak out against the plan.DR. GERALD DULEY PASTOR PROVIDENCE MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH ATLANTA GA: Religious leaders denounce anti-Muslim bigotry and call for respect for America's tradition of religious liberty. As religious leaders in this great country we have come together in our nation's capital to denounce categorically the derision misinformation and outright bigotry being directed against America's Muslim community.AZUZ: Another group that's spoken out against this is the U.S. military. In a statement General David Petraeus -- he's the U.S. commander in Afghanistan -- said burning Qurans "could endanger troops and it could endanger the overall effort in Afghanistan."Blog PromoAZUZ: Well there are always interesting comments on this not only from the people involved in the story but from you. We've put up a post on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com where you can talk this story you can talk about how you feel about it.This Day in HistoryGRAPHIC:September 8 1504 -- Michelangelo's "David" statue is unveiled in Florence ItalySeptember 8 1565 -- St. Augustine Florida the oldest city in the U.S. is establishedSeptember 8 1900 -- A Category 4 hurricane hits Galveston Texas killing more than 8000 peopleSeptember 8 1974 -- President Gerald Ford pardons former President Richard Nixon for any crimes he may have committed while in officeSeptember 8 1998 -- Mark McGwire breaks Roger Maris' record for the most home runs in a single seasonIs This Legit?JOHN LISK CNN STUDENT NEWS: Is this legit? Worldwide one out of every 10 adults is illiterate. Not legit. It's actually twice that many -- one out of every five adults -- who can't read or write.International Literacy DayAZUZ: Some surprising numbers and those are part of the reason why the United Nations created International Literacy Day. It's designed to raise awareness about literacy needs around the world. The theme of this year's event is "Literacy and Women's Empowerment." According to the U.N. two-thirds of the world's illiterate adults are women. The organization says that literacy is a basic human right because it's the main tool for learning.CEO PrincipalAZUZ: Sticking with the education theme different teachers have different teaching methods. You know that; you're aware of it; you see it all the time. In Japan one principal is running his school like a business. And based on his students' test scores it's working. Kyung Lah shows us how he's making the grade.(BEGIN VIDEO)KYUNG LAH CNN CORRESPONDENT TOKYO: The school day begins at Wada Junior High with drills; math drills as fast as these kids can do them. The theory here: train the brain with drills much in the same way puzzles may prevent dementia among the elderly. Principal Akihisa Shirota believes it so much he joins the students.School curriculum is the basics plus lessons from real-world business and community leaders to show kids where the basics will take them. Revolutionary for a Japanese school system known for rigidity and formality. But Shirota is not your average principal. He's not even a trained educator. He's a businessman who started and then ran publishing at high-tech companies. His lack of experience in this setting is what led the school to recruit him.Principals are people who became teachers right after graduating from college, says Shirota. "That limits any outside the box thinking he explains. He runs the school more like a corporation; students, his workers. And he keeps track of them.

You know all the names of all the students.

PRINCIPAL AKIHISA SHIROTA, WADA JUNIOR HIGH: No only name, but also their testing score.

LAH: You know their test scores and their names?

SHIROTA: Yes, yes, yes.

LAH: Every single one.

SHIROTA: All of them.

LAH He's different says a student. More like a friend sometimes but still the boss." In the three years since Shirota has been principal the school claims higher test scores. The result he believes of a number of innovations.It's 6:40 in the evening and students are still here at Wada Junior High School. The reason why: night school is about to begin. This is an unusual move by this public school to try to boost its test scores. It's where I meet 15-year-old Koya Nakamora.We start at 7:00 p.m., Nakamora explains. He's been in school since 8:00 in the morning and leaves at 9:30 at night. Critics call this too tough for a public school but Shirota says the old must give way to new thinking. And other educators in the country are taking note. The bottom line says this former businessman if Japan's corporations must adapt and compete in a global economy it only makes sense that so too must Japan's schools. Kyung Lah CNN Tokyo.(END VIDEO)Off the Beaten PathAZUZ: Well it is time for our first field trip of the school year: Off the Beaten Path. Turns out people had a lot of time on their hands over the long Labor Day weekend.(BEGIN VIDEO)AZUZ: Honestly who doesn't dream of being a champion arm wrestler? Okay don't answer that. Just arm yourself for a battle of the biceps! At Canada's National Arm Rasslin' Championships it's about technique. For some it's all in the wrist. For some it's in speed. And for some it's in the face. Would you wanna hold hands with this guy?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When they mean redneck festival they mean redneck festival.AZUZ: But we're not still talking about arm wrestling. We're talking about this: Pennsylvania's annual Redneck Festival! You can ride the bull or barrel. You can shop for jewelry or aluminum.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They sell like hotcakes.AZUZ: But if a "haybale obstacle course" isn't your speed saddle up for a one-wheeled whirl across the Brooklyn Bridge! When you're too coordinated for two wheels you don't just want to boast balance; you want to show stunts. This person had a "can-do" attitude. At least people would hear it if he fell. It's easy to see how all this pedal-spinning can make your head spin.So without a wheel why not just turn yourself around at a Hawkeye State Hokey Pokey? To get this many people over age 8 to participate you must be trying to set a record. And they did: a Guinness World Record. More than 7300 hokey pokers putting their hands into history. That's what it's all about when you journey Off the Beaten Path.(END VIDEO)GoodbyeAZUZ: A world record is always cool even if group dances are a little hokey. And those unicycle guys are wheelie awesome. Time for us to brake for the day; I know it breaks your heart. CNN Student News returns tomorrow. Have a great one. Talk to you then! In 2010 alone there were roughly 1100 attacks on U.S. fuel convoys. This has cost the men and women of our armed forces dearly.Military officials recently reported  that more than 3000 uniformed soldiers and contractors died while protecting such missions in Iraq from 2003 to 2007.  But new Pentagon initiatives could dramatically reduce our battlefield fuel demand through the use of new clean energy technologies helping save lives and stretch ever-scarce defense dollars.The U.S. Department of Defense is one of the world's largest institutional energy consumers. Using more than 300000 barrels of oil daily the U.S. military consumes more petroleum products than three-quarters of the countries in the world.In fiscal year 2008 energy cost the department about $17.9 billion. Leaders in the Pentagon though are up to the challenge.The Defense Department played a key role in the development of the Internet semiconductors and modern satellite-based navigation used by virtually anyone with a smartphone. Now as detailed in a recent report by the Pew Charitable Trusts its efforts to improve vehicle efficiency and use advanced biofuels could similarly lead the way for countless U.S. businesses seeking a foothold in the burgeoning global clean energy economy.Building on the work of an expert panel convened by the Defense Science Board the Pentagon has called for a new technology development strategy aimed at reducing risk to soldiers and enhancing our nation's overall long-term energy security. The department considers this one of its top strategic imperatives.In keeping with this plan the military has set a target of obtaining 25% of its energy from renewable sources by 2025 with 450 renewable energy projects already functioning.For example the Navy will soon test a hybrid electric drive system for the USS Truxtun a guided missile destroyer which will save 8500 barrels of fuel annually. The Air Force made history last year with the first flight of a biomass-powered aircraft the A-10C Thunderbolt II. And the Army has insulated roughly 9 million square feet of bases in Iraq and Afghanistan reducing energy consumption by 77000 gallons per day.With more than 500000 buildings and structures at major installations around the world the Defense Department manages three times the square footage operated by Walmart. Since 1985 it has reduced its facility energy consumption by more than 30%.The Army's "Net Zero" program offers another case in point. The project aims to have select installations each produce as much as they consume in energy water or waste by 2020. Fort Carson and Fort Bliss to name just two will become Net Zero in all three areas.Combined these efforts could have a huge impact on U.S. operational security. On average each deployed soldier requires 22 gallons of fuel per day. In fact in Afghanistan alone tens of millions of gallons of fuel must be delivered each month.Yet according to the U.S. Army there is roughly one casualty for every 46 ground resupply convoys in Afghanistan. So reducing our reliance on oil could keep countless troops out of harm's way.This Pentagon initiative could also act as a catalyst for our nation's growing clean energy economy. According to Pew's report the military's sizable purchasing power could provide a crucial difference in helping technologies make the transition from the labs to the marketplace. In the process badly needed jobs and manufacturing opportunities in the private sector also could be created across the nation.The past decade has presented great challenges to our armed forces. They have responded with creativity tenacity and courage. The Pentagon has been charged with managing two wars helping establish more robust homeland security measures and responding to worldwide humanitarian emergencies.Throughout these trying times however the military also has looked inside its own operations and developed a sound strategy to enhance America's security and lessen our dependence on foreign fuels. Congress and the White House should match that effort and aid this endeavor to save American lives money and energy. Seoul South Korea (CNN) -- South Korean marines detained an American man on the bank of a river bordering North Korea late Tuesday according to a South Korean Defense Ministry official and a senior U.S. State Department official.The marines were on a regular patrol mission west of Seoul when they caught the man by the Han River in an area where it divides North and South Korea.The U.S. citizen was being interrogated Wednesday the defense ministry official said adding that it was not immediately known whether the American was trying to cross into North Korea.The U.S. Embassy in Seoul said it was "aware of the reports that a U.S. citizen has been detained attempting to swim from South Korea to North Korea."The Embassy said it had been in contact with South Korean authorities but didn't have any additional information to share.Americans are allowed to travel to North Korea usually arriving by plane from Beijing. But it's forbidden to cross from South Korea into North Korea. The U.S. State Department warns citizens against all travel to the authoritarian state led by Kim Jong Un.Three U.S. citizens are currently in detention in North Korea: Kenneth Bae Matthew Todd Miller and Jeffrey Fowle.A North Korean court on Sunday sentenced Miller to six years hard labor for committing "acts hostile" to North Korea although the circumstances surrounding his alleged crime remain murky.Bae a Korean-American missionary is serving a 15-year sentence for allegedly trying to bring down the North Korean government. Fowle who was arrested in June while traveling as a tourist is still awaiting trial.Fast facts on detained AmericansCNN's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong. CNN's Paula Hancocks Elise Labott and Josh Levs contributed to this report. ATHENS Greece (CNN) -- Protesters clashed with riot police and 10000 people marched on parliament in Greece as a 15-year-old boy killed by police was buried Tuesday.Tear gas fills the air near where the teen's funeral service was held.Thousands paid their respects to Alexandros Grigoropoulos at his funeral but a small number of the protesters there grew violent at the end of the ceremony.Riot police lined up as night fell and a reasonably peaceful candlelight vigil was held in central Athens.Some 10000 people marched on the country's parliament Tuesday to express their anger at the teenager's death and also other issues like the economy jobs and allegations that the government is corrupt.Groups clashed with riot police at the parliament and across central Athens.Street riots started over the weekend after Athens police killed 15-year-old Alexandros Grigoropoulos on Saturday. Police said six young protesters pelted a police patrol car with stones and the teen was shot as he tried to throw a fuel-filled bomb at the officers.The shooting occurred in a neighborhood where there have been regular clashes with police but it immediately sparked clashes and riots in Athens and Thessaloniki the country's second-largest city. The violence then spread to other municipalities.  Watch iReporter John Kountouris' videos of the violence »The events have exacerbated the unpopularity of the ruling party and left Greek Prime Minister Konstandinos Karamanlis scrambling to shore up support.  Watch crowds gathered for funeral »On Tuesday he met with President Karolos Papoulias and cabinet members before briefing political leaders on the country's security situation.Opposition leader George Papandreou of the left-wing PASOK party said: "The country does not have a government that can protect its citizens their rights or their safety.I told Mr. Karamanlis that our society, our citizens are experiencing a multiple crisis: an economic crisis, a social crisis, an institutional crisis, and a crisis of values. And the government is unable to address these crises; they have lost the confidence of the Greek people.  See images of anarchy on Greek streets »Karamanlis ruled out early elections and called for all political parties to stand together against violence.It's our responsibility to maintain a united stance against illegal acts, he said in statement. "We must condemn in the strongest terms with pure reason and not minced words - the violence pillaging and vandalism that hampers social peace."The government called on union leaders to cancel a national strike planned for Wednesday fearing it could lead to further violence. But the labor movement refused saying the action was planned before the shooting of the boy and was unrelated to it.Cleaning crews worked for hours early Tuesday to clear the mess left by the riots but evidence of the violence remained. In some places entire rows of shops still have broken windows. iReport.com: Are you there? Share photos video of riotingThe mayor of Athens asked residents not to dispose of garbage for a day because many of the city's trash bins were destroyed in the violence.Karamanlis vowed again Tuesday that those responsible for the violence would be punished.I assured the president that no leniency will be tolerated in holding people accountable, he told reporters. "No one has the right to use this tragic incident as an alibi for actions of raw violence."Athens police said 12 policemen were injured in Monday's violence and 87 people were arrested. There were 10 flashpoints across Athens where police confronted rioters police said.  Watch protesters clash with police »Many of the young people who rioted holed up at universities taking advantage of a decades-old rule that bars police from entering university grounds. The rule came into force after tanks crushed a 1973 student uprising protesting the ruling military junta.The dean of Athens University resigned Tuesday as a result of the students' violent behavior.Public and private schools and universities across the country were shut again Tuesday. Watch as iReporter witnesses the clashesDemonstrators torched government buildings and the offices of the ruling conservative party in central Athens. They also set cars and trash containers ablaze.Monday young demonstrators barricaded streets in Athens and Thessaloniki and hurled gasoline bombs as they battled police. Clouds of tear gas hung over the capital as police tried to disperse the crowds.The police officer who fired the fatal shot at the teenage boy has been charged with "manslaughter with intent" and suspended from duty police said adding that a second police officer was arrested Saturday on criminal accessory charges.Government officials including the interior minister have condemned the shooting.Authorities conducted an autopsy on the boy Monday in an effort to clarify the circumstances of the shooting but the boy's family has called in their own investigators to verify state findings the Athens coroner told CNN.CNN's Eileen Hsieh and Phil Black and Journalist Anthee Carassava contributed to this report Vardzia Georgia (CNN) -- In an isolated mountain valley on the southern edge of the former Soviet Union stands a cliff honey-combed with caves.This is Vardzia -- a cave monastery built in the 12th century by Georgian kings and queens.In the 800 years since its construction Vardzia has been destroyed by an earthquake and further damaged by invading armies. In the final days of winter when snow coats the surrounding peaks the caves look all but deserted.But Vardzia does have several permanent residents: seven Orthodox monks who have become the de-facto guardians of this ancient site.They live much like their ancestors did in spartan cave dwellings on the side of the cliff. They draw their water from a spring deep within the mountain that is only accessible via a series of tunnels. The well is called "Tamar's Tears after Queen Tamar, who completed construction of Vardzia eight centuries ago after the death of her father King Giorgi.

Uncorking Georgia's wine heritage

One of the monks who lives in the cliff is Father Lazar. He roams the tunnels and staircases that hug the cliff-side, dressed in flowing black robes. Though he is only 28, his thick beard and pony-tail make him look far older.

It puts joy in my heart to live here the priest says, as he looks out of the doorway of his incense-scented cave at the rushing river below, where he sometimes fishes for trout. In the winter this is a quiet place. The frost sets in and the trees die. It is a holy place. A spiritual place."In fact Father Lazar says aside from the monks the only other people who live in this valley are the nuns who inhabit a small convent beyond a bend in the river.Speaking a mixture of Georgian Russian and English the monk takes visitors on a small tour of the complex pointing out the remnants of an irrigation system that once provided water to up to 30000 residents.He also shows Vardzia's crown jewels: two cave chapels whose domed ceilings are hewn directly out of the rock. The domes are coated with ornate  icons from the 8th century depicting saints Georgian royalty and the dog-shaped demons that await the damned on Judgment Day.In the summer the monks endure a different kind of torment which disturbs their ascetic mountain life: tourists.For the priests, it is not very good because they make a lot of noise, Father Lazar says. "Different kinds of tourists come here some of them yell a lot and run around here and there. They holler."Vardzia has long been a tourist destination for hardy tourists willing to brave hours of driving down pot-holed mountain roads. But road crews are now re-paving the road - and there are big plans to further develop this quiet corner of Georgia.Visitors to Georgia are going to Vardzia and there is no infrastructure there at all, says Tengiz Bendukidze an executive with Rakeen an Emirati real estate development company. "That's why Rakeen is going to invest up to 20 million dollars. And we are going to build a 4-star hotel and villas also."There are big hopes that through tourism Georgia can overcome the chaos and conflict of nearly two decades of post-Soviet independence. In years gone by this small Caucasus country was a prize destination due to its unique combination of rich cuisine ancient mountain-top monasteries Black Sea coast line and full-throated polyphonic choral music.During the Soviet era, Georgia was the number one tourist attraction for almost all the Soviet Union, said Nika Gilauri the prime minister of Georgia in an interview with CNN. "We are getting back now this title for the region."Executives at Rakeen say they are still working out the final concept of the new Vardzia hotel project.The main attraction is the caves. The cave city. And also we'll include [a] service package like hunting, rafting, camping and stuff like that, says Bendukidze.The new hotel is expected to be constructed on a hillside directly across the river from the cave complex on a patch of territory that was occupied by a Soviet-era hotel until it was demolished a few years ago.Father Lazar has little positive to say about the old communist hotel...or its capitalist replacement.It's a bad idea to build a big hotel right there, directly across from Vardzia, he says. "If there's going to be a bar or a night club there then that's also not good."But he concedes the tourists will probably appreciate the view. (The Frisky) -- Matchmaker and dating coach Rachel Greenwald is responsible for 750 marriages and she doesn't believe you will find the love of your life by waiting for him/her to spontaneously appear in line at the grocery store or sit next to you on the subway.Darn. There goes my approach.This Harvard M.B.A. and New York Times best-selling author advocates a better way -- being proactive and approaching your dating life like a job search.Sure there has to be an intersection of luck timing and opportunity to find love she says, But you increase your odds when you do something about it. If you have a strategic organized plan something will come through faster."So uh what should this plan be? Her new book "Have Him at Hello: Confessions from 1000 Guys About What Makes Them Fall in Love ... Or Never Call Back just hit bookstores and has some ingenious ideas for us.

I had the opportunity to chat with Rachel and get a singles state of the union. Here's eight interesting tips I learned.

The Frisky: Online dating is making me depressed

1. The no effort mentality" is crazy. We are officially the instant gratification dating generation. If love doesn't happen instantly we're out of there. But anything worth having takes work. Rachel points out that we are willing to put effort into other things in our lives -- our careers our friendships our hobbies our living space --but we expect our love lives to come effortlessly. "You wouldn't expect to be a CEO in five seconds Rachel points out.

2. It takes a village to find Mr. or Mrs. Right. An important step in working on your love life is letting people know that you're looking. A lot of us are embarrassed to reach out for help when it comes to finding love. We think it seems desperate to admit that we would like to find someone to spend the rest of our lives with. I'm totally not talking about myself, by the way.

The stigma is all in your head says Rachel. That's like someone saying 'I'm unemployed but too embarrassed to find a job.'" Rachel suggests thinking of all the people in our lives as possible networking opportunities.The Frisky: I slept with your husband and here's why3. Stop asking "Where?" Ask "How?" Asking a friend co-worker family member or acquaintance where you can meet a great guy is a dead-end question. When you mention in casual conversation to your "village" that you are looking to meet someone this year ask "how." That way you are enlisting them in your search. "How?" is a far more proactive and empowering question. It implies suggestions and solutions.4. Get online. There's no stigma about dating online anymore -- one-fourth of the people who got married last year met online. So if you don't already have a rocking online profile ... make one. But Rachel also recommends Twitter as an alternative source.Why not throw a Twitter party? she suggests. "Send out a tweet to your friends and tell them that you're having happy hour drinks on Friday at your favorite bar. Tell them to bring friends."Rachel's also a big fan of Meetup.com. "It's much more sophisticated then it was a few years ago she says. You can search something like Singles New York film lovers and find groups that meet in your area. You can even click through the groups and see mini-profiles and pictures of the members.

5. Don't forget about Facebook! One-third of married people met through introductions by friends. Following that logic, Facebook may be our single most underused resource.

Treat Facebook like an online dating profile says Rachel. Take it seriously. If a guy sees a bad photo of you on Facebook or weird things on your profile he may not give you a chance."Rachel suggests crafting the image you want to project on Facebook. "Pick five words that represent you and make sure your Facebook profile reflects those five words she says.

Once you're satisfied with your profile, she suggested playing a game she calls I Spy a Facebook Guy." Here's how it works: Give yourself 10 days to cruise around your friends' Facebook pages and find 50 guys that you think are interesting. Then scope out their profiles and write them a message. Hey you already know someone in common.6. Married people are a great resource. They know a thing or two about relationships but more importantly they know other single people who are marriage-minded. Plus they're much more eager to see you settle down than your single friends.The Frisky: Why women should ask men out on dates7. You may have tried it all but have you tried it well? Trying something once or twice isn't enough.Doing online dating with a bad profile picture or going to a singles event and leaving after you scanned the room once is like looking for a job with a poorly written resume or applying for a sales job [when] you're an accountant, says Rachel. Instead take a look at what you've been trying and how and think of ways to do it better.8. It's OK to outsource. How do we know what we're doing wrong in our dating lives? Rachel says that there's no shame in hiring a dating coach. Hey we have personal trainers therapists and head hunters. Outsourcing is part of our culture -- yet we feel we can tackle the dating thing on our own. Why?OK I'm sold. I will definitely be trying out some of this advice.The Frisky: 5 reasons why moving is good for youTM & © 2010 TMV Inc. | All Rights Reserved (CNN) -- Poetry performance and prayer celebrated the voice of literary giant Maya Angelou at a memorial service held Saturday at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem North Carolina.She taught us that we are each wonderfully made, intricately woven and put on this earth for a purpose, first lady Michelle Obama said during her tribute to the celebrated poet and actress.Angelou 86 died at her Winston-Salem home on May 28. Angelou had been "frail" and suffering from heart problems her literary agent said. Angelou taught American studies for years at Wake Forest.Obama did not meet Angelou until 2008 while on the campaign trail but she said Angelou's poem 'Phenomenal Woman' had a profound impact on her life.I was struck by how she celebrated black women's beauty like no one had ever dared to, Obama said in the service held at Wait Chapel.She also graced us with an anthem for all women, a call to all of us to embrace our God-given beauty. How desperately black girls needed that message, the first lady said remembering that as a young girl her first doll was a white Malibu Barbie.She said that Angelou reminded everyone that " We must each find our own voice decide our own value and then announce it to the world with all the pride and joy that is our birthright as members of the human race."'Spiritual queen mother'Oprah Winfrey remembered her friend as the greatest woman she has ever known.The loss I feel I cannot describe, Winfrey said holding back tears. "It's like something I've never felt before. She was my spiritual queen mother and everything that that word implies. She taught me the poetry of courage and respect."Winfrey recalled meeting Angelou in the late 1970s when she worked as a news reporter.She looked at me and said, 'Who are you girl?' Winfrey said.I will miss her.'She had the voice of God'I Loved Maya, said former President Bill Clinton during his reflection. He said the two last met in April in Austin during a celebration of of the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act.Clinton recalled that he hugged Angelou and said " I cannot believe that you have gotten yourself here." He said she responded "Just because I'm wheelchair-bound doesn't mean I don't get around."Clinton became aware of Angelou while in college by reading her book. "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings her lasting contribution to literature that bore witness to the brutality of a Jim Crow South.

He said Angelou was always paying attention and used her voice to call attention to the things that really mattered.

God loaned her his voice. She had the voice of God and he decided he wanted it back from her Clinton told the audience.

Music and more

Actress Cicely Tyson reflected on a friendship that began in 1960, when both were in a play called The Blacks which ran for three years.

Every emotion known to man was exhibited by Maya. She held nothing (back). She spoke her mind no matter what the situation Tyson remembered.

The memorial service also featured singer Lee Ann Womack performing I Hope You Dance considered Angelou's favorite song.

At the conclusion of the service Saturday, Angelou's voice once more was heard in a recording of the 1996 Ashford & Simpson song Been Found."Maya Angelou remembered by those she inspiredLegendary author Maya Angelou dies at age 86 Manchester New Hampshire (CNN)New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie dominates almost any room he enters but is suddenly facing questions about his relevance in the 2016 presidential race.The surprisingly fast-moving Republican presidential contest kicked off by Jeb Bush shortly after the New Year and accelerated by the unexpected re-emergence of Mitt Romney is putting pressure on Christie who was once the Republican establishment's favorite.The big-check GOP contributors that were once assumed to be Christie's for the taking — in particular the Wall Street financiers just across the Hudson River from New Jersey — are now being courted aggressively by Bush and Romney as they ramp up their campaigns.There is big advantage to moving first, and when you're a whale like both Jeb and Romney are, and you jump into that pool first, its hard for anyone else to squeeze in, said B. Wayne Hughes a California billionaire and Republican donor who has not committed to supporting a candidate. "They have the same donor base so they have to go after those guys."Bush has been a well-liked figure in the center-right donor set for years thanks to his widespread family connections and the perks and ambassadorships doled out by two previous Bush White Houses. The former Florida governor has also been a champion of immigration reform a precious issue for the business community and Republicans who want to grow the party's appeal among Hispanics even as conservatives bristle at the idea.Romney meanwhile built an impressive financial network during his 2012 campaign and many of those donors are waiting to see what he does before committing to another candidate. His surprising decision last week at a New York donor meeting to "show some 2016 leg as one attendee put it, was designed to keep Bush at bay as he mulls a third presidential bid.

But their moves are also complicating things for Christie, who is still expected to launch a presidential bid but is moving at a much slower place than Bush or Romney. All three Republicans will be competing for a similar slice of establishment-friendly financial backers and voters should they each seek the GOP nomination.

Christie, already hamstrung on fundraising by strict pay-to-play laws that prohibit Wall Street employees from from contributing to governors seeking federal office, was further diminished in the eyes of some donors last year by the Bridgegate" scandal and its subsequent investigations. Christie's record as governor has also been met with some skepticism by the business community: New Jersey has seen eight credit downgrades and continues to have some of the highest taxes in the country.His fading star opened the door last year for Bush to start making calls to potential supporters who might have previously been with with Christie.Christie's team insists the Romney and Bush developments have had little bearing on his decision-making process — or his ability to fund a potential campaign.The last couple of weeks actually had no impact, said one Christie confidante granted anonymity to discuss the 2016 machinations with some candor. "He is not changing his plans. He is not moving up any schedule. He is attending a bunch of inaugurals. He has a bunch of speeches coming up. He feels he is in good position and he feels like he has time to decide to want to do more."The adviser pointed out that Christie is fresh off an impressive tenure as chairman of the Republican Governors Association a post that put him in regular touch with some of the party's biggest contributors. He remains on the RGA's executive committee and plans to connect with many of the same donors at February gathering of the RGA in Washington.No candidate — even ones with the names Bush and Romney — can take the donor world for granted the Christie adviser insisted.I think all three of them, Romney, Bush, Gov. Christie, have a leg up on donor world, the source said. "But you take those people for granted at your own peril. Everybody will be courting those folks but I think the smart folks will take their time."To most Americans the donor courtship now underway is hidden from view and largely meaningless.But in the early stages of a presidential primary the whims of big donors have outsized importance especially in a post-Citizens United world where a single rich person can prop up a candidate with a well-funded super PAC. As the costs of running a presidential campaign skyrocket landing the support of a major bundler can bring instant credibility to a candidate even before the campaign begins in earnest.Early signals indicate that Christie might not be hard up for cash should he decide to run. Already he has secured the backing of Texas bundler Ray Washburne a recently-departed Republican National Committee finance chairman two GOP sources confirmed to CNN. And The Wall Street Journal reported this week that Ken Langone the Home Depot founder and prominent Republican donor is organizing a dinner for Christie and potential supporters in New York later this month.Once the donor primary ends and the actual primary begins Christie may be on better footing in a race against Bush and Romney.There is room in the primary for anyone who has enough resources, said Tom Rath a longtime New Hampshire power broker and Romney ally. "Look it's a little different talking about how you connect with voters and it's another story talking about how you connect with the large scale fundraisers. But the fact is New Hampshire will give every candidate a fair shot. There is not home court advantage here for anyone at all."Though both of Christie's potential rivals in the establishment lane have big networks and deep experience in national politics both of them are older than than the 52-year old Christie. Romney is 67 and Bush is 61 and both could be tagged as stale emblems of the past.Christie too is a natural retail campaigner and perhaps the best political performer of anyone in the Republican field. The contrast could be stark against the buttoned-up bespectacled Bush and the notoriously awkward Romney.He is kind of a hell-raiser, and nobody is going to say that about Jeb Bush or Mitt Romney, said Leighton Lord a South Carolina attorney who hosted a reception for Christie in the early primary state this week. "He is not like a lot of the other folks that are running that are more cautious and calculating. Folks are getting tired of that. They like his authenticity which he has got all day long. That's sort of a counter to Romney. With Romney you're never sure if you're getting the real Mitt Romney or the Romney he thinks you want."Though he's been slower than Bush or Romney when it comes to hiring staff and building out a campaign Christie is still looking and sounding very much like a candidate-in-waiting. He is likely to launch a political action committee in the coming weeks multiple GOP sources said and he is heading to a big conservative gathering in Iowa after this week's excursion to South Carolina.Christie can afford to wait longer than other candidates his supporters said in part because of his fame. He doesn't need to introduce himself to voters in the way Bush will for instance.So much of politics these days is celebrity, Lord said. "We have got to find somebody who has the substance and the integrity but is also a celebrity. And Chris has got that."In South Carolina where he attended the inauguration of Gov. Nikki Haley Christie posed for selfies with top elected officials including the Lieutenant Governor and Attorney General before dropping by a crowded GOP meet-and-greet arranged by Lord and other Republicans. The reception was a positive one.Christie's speech to the audience was "short on conservative red meat but long on how he's the guy that can win said one Republican who attended the afternoon session, held at a Columbia law firm.

He said something to the effect of 'Today is Nikki Haley's day but maybe it will be Chris Christie's day in South Carolina soon the source told CNN. You couldn't walk away from that thinking anything other than he's going to run."After the event Matt Moore the chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party posted photos of the event on Facebook.My honor to introduce Chris Christie in South Carolina today, he wrote. "The man tells it like it is...we like that in S.C.!" New York (CNN) -- Keep your kids away from these Santas!Bar-goers dressed in Christmas-themed costumes descended upon hundreds of cities worldwide Saturday for the annual bar crawl known as Santacon.In New York thousands took to the streets dressed as elves Santas and holiday-themed characters as they have since 1997. In recent years the debauchery of some of its participants has become too much -- even for some who take part in it.It was just terrible, they were throwing up in the streets. It was really just disgusting. I just put a red suit on and have a good time, Sandy Bachom who participated in the event last year told CNN afilliate WABC.I think New Yorkers generally are extremely tolerant of visitors, but when they come in such droves, and then combine that with public intoxication, it has a negative impact in our neighborhoods, state Sen. Brad Hoylman said to WABC.Despite the controversy city officials are supporting the event.It's what makes New York New York, Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said at a press conference Friday. "There has been some rowdy activity by a small handful of people." However NYPD officers were handing out fliers stressing that they would stop revelers who publicly consume alcohol.Santacon NYC is vowing to clean up its act.Santacon has had growing pains, the event's organizers said in a press release on the NYC SantaCcon website. "With a little elbow-grease from the elves a little patience from the community and just a pinch of holiday magic Santacon can spread joy."Santacon.info a website that attempts to keep up with SantaCons wherever they are -- and assist organizers in publicizing them -- maintains a list that on Saturday showed 146 locations where events will be taking place this weekend and next from Helena Montana to Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam. (CNN) -- Cindy Goodman was having dinner with a group of girlfriends one night when the conversation took a surprising turn.Summer at the beach may seem like fun but more Americans are afraid to take time off.Goodman asked her friends where they planned to go this year for their summer vacation. Nowhere they answered. They were afraid to take time off because they didn't want to risk losing their jobs she says.It's going to be an interesting summer, says Goodman a Miami Herald business columnist. "The people who still have a job are really feeling overwhelmed and overworked. They're afraid to take vacations but at the same time they need them more than ever."The bad economy isn't just depleting bank accounts. It's cutting into people's vacation time. Americans typically take time off and kick back during the summer. This year may be different.People are worried that a temporary vacation could lead to permanent time off Goodman says.I don't think anyone is going to be fired for taking two weeks off, but they might think that they'll think of another way of doing my job without me, says Goodman who wrote about people's vacation fears for her blog at http://worklifebalancingact.blogspot.com.How to take time off without guiltAmericans had a difficult time taking vacations even before the economy slumped. Numerous articles and studies draw the same conclusions: Americans don't know how to pry themselves away from the workplace.This year Expedia.com the travel reservation company conducted a survey that compared Americans' vacation habits with their counterparts in other countries.The survey said about 34 percent of Americans don't take all the vacation time they earn each year. In contrast 22 percent of French citizens and 24 percent of Germans don't take all the vacation allotted to them.Japanese workers are the least interested in using all of their vacation days according to the Expedia survey. About 92 percent of Japanese workers do not take all of their vacation days.Christine Louise Hohlbaum author of "The Power of Slow: 101 Ways to Save Time in Our 24/7 World says even when Americans manage to take vacations, they still don't completely leave their office, because of technology.

You can take a BlackBerry on vacation and still have a conversation with clients anywhere else in the world Hohlbaum says. It's wonderful for innovation but not so great for leisure."But workers who don't take vacation hurt themselves and their companies Hohlbaum says. Overworked employees get sick more often and place themselves at risk for long-term illnesses such as heart disease. Companies suffer because their employees are too tired or ill to be productive she said.Workplaces are full of exhausted employees who have already checked out in their cubicles Hohlbaum says.If people are overworked, they're surfing the Internet, she says. "They're not contributing to the bottom line."Hohlbaum says she talked to a computer technician who found a way to take more time off but be more productive. He started a walking group for his colleagues during lunch hour.He and his colleagues were transformed.It was an amazing experience, Hohlbaum says. "They bonded. It helped people relax and when they got back to work they were much more productive."She suggests that other workers follow his example. Explain the upside of the idea to the boss: The company benefits from well-rested workers because they're more productive. Set performance goals with your boss to prove taking time off will allow you to thrive and will result in greater productivity she says.Some workers however find that their biggest skeptic may be internal; they don't know how to take it easy anymore Hohlbaum says.If you're so used to being purposeful, make leisure time your purpose, Hohlbaum says.Alternative ideasGoodman the Miami Herald columnist offers some of her own tips for taking time off. If you're too afraid to ask for an extended vacation plan four-day weekends or time off around holidays.Goodman says she's going to take a four-day vacation around the Fourth of July. But there was a time when she traditionally took two-week vacations during the summer.I have the same kind of fear that everyone else has, '' Goodman says. I want to take time off but I don't want to miss too much work time. I want to keep my column in the paper every week." (CNN) -- The office of House Speaker John Boehner slammed comments by an architect of Obamacare who said the health care law was sold to the American public with misleading messaging arguing Jonathan Gruber's remarks confirm the ill-will behind passage of the law.If there was ever any doubt that ObamaCare was rammed through Congress with a heavy dose of arrogance, duplicity, and contempt for the will of the American people, recent comments made by ... Jonathan Gruber, put that to rest, Boehner's office said said in a statement Thursday.Videos recently emerged showing Gruber suggesting that the administration exploited the "the stupidity of the American voter" and the "lack of economic understanding of the American voter" in pushing the Affordable Care Act.Third video emerges of Obamacare architect insulting votersIn the statement Boehner's office said "the American people are anything but 'stupid.' They're the ones bearing the consequences of the president's health care law and unsurprisingly they continue to oppose it."White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest pushed back against Gruber's comments in a press briefing in Myanmar saying "I disagree vigorously with" the assessment that the White House passed the law by taking advantage of what they saw as the voters' lack of intelligence.This was a very difficult undertaking but ultimately this is a law that has had significant benefits for millions of people, he said adding that Republicans are the ones "who have been less than forthright and transparent about what their proposed changes to the Affordable Care Act would do in terms of the choices are available to middle class families."For his part Gruber said Tuesday on MSNBC that he "was speaking off the cuff" and "spoke inappropriately."And I regret making those comments, he added.Boehner's next challengeCNN's Jake Tapper and Jim Acosta contributed to this report. A Texas company says it has made the first metal gun using a 3-D printer taking the debate over people's emerging ability to create their own firearms to a new level.Solid Concepts a specialty manufacturing company said in a blog post it has fired more than 50 rounds from the handgun even hitting a few bull's-eyes at more than 30 yards.The pistol is a version of an M1911 a handgun designed by John Browning and first used widely in the latter stages of combat stemming from the Philippine-American War. It's built from 33 mostly stainless-steel parts and has a carbon-fiber handgrip carved with a laser.The 3-D-printed metal gun proves that 3-D printing isn't just making trinkets and Yoda heads, the company said in the blog post.Solid Concepts went out of its way Friday to point out that producing the metal gun isn't meant to advance a trend that worries law enforcement and some politicians. As 3-D printers become more widespread and affordable some envision a near future in which criminals can crank out untraceable weapons without having to leave their homes.Let me start out by saying one, very important thing: This is not about desktop 3-D printers, Alyssa Parkinson a spokeswoman for the company wrote in the blog post.The metal gun wasn't a move toward making firearms with a 3-D printer cheaper or more accessible she wrote.Basic 3-D printers such as the MakerBot Replicator 2 can be bought for around $2000. But Solid Concepts used a specialized high-end printer whose cost would be out of reach of most people.The industrial printer we used costs more than my college tuition (and I went to a private university), Parkinson said. "And the engineers who run our machines are top of the line; they are experts who know what they're doing and understand 3-D printing better than anyone in this business."Solid Concepts wanted to show that 3-D printing is more than just hobbyists churning out plastic doodads -- it's a viable option for serious commercial use.It's a common misconception that 3-D printing isn't accurate or strong enough, and we're working to change people's perspectives, Kent Firestone a vice president at the company said in a statement.In May a nonprofit group also from Texas stirred far more controversy when it posted a video of the live firing of a plastic handgun created with a 3-D printer.Cody Wilson a 25-year-old self-described anarchist posted instructions on how to make the gun online through his nonprofit group Defense Distributed.Those instructions were taken down after the U.S. State Department sent the group a cease-and-desist letter. The group's website was shut down shortly afterward.Solid Concepts is a licensed firearm manufacturer. It said one use for its new capabilities with 3-D printers may be selling replacement parts for handguns. (CNN)The New England Patriots rallied to down the Seattle Seahawks 28-24 Sunday and win Super Bowl XLIX at Glendale Arizona.Quarterback Tom Brady completed a Super Bowl record 37 passes and threw for four touchdowns.The Patriots are the sixth team to win at least four Super Bowl trophies.Brady overcame two interceptions and threw for 328 yards. Julian Edelman caught nine passes and had the game-winning touchdown with 2:02 remaining in the contest.Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson shrugged off a slow start to complete 12 of 21 passes for 247 yards but he threw an interception at the Patriots goal line with 20 seconds to go.Seattle running back Marshawn Lynch had 102 yards rushing and one score.The Patriots trailed 24-14 before Brady threw two touchdown passes in the fourth quarter. (CNN) -- International Correspondent Fred Pleitgen reports from the site of E1 a controversial settlement that the Israeli government plans to build.What is E1?I was standing on the barren hilltops East of Jerusalem and it is hard to believe the area could be at the center of an international controversy. E1 stands for East 1 and marks territory that the Israeli government has slated for settlement construction in the West Bank. It's about 12 square kilometers (4.6 square miles) and when completed will touch the outskirts of Jerusalem.The construction in the E1 area would be an expansion of one of the largest Israeli settlements in the West Bank Ma'ale Adumim with about 40000 inhabitants and would merge it with the greater Jerusalem area.Why has the plan caused so intense international reaction?After the United Nations General Assembly vote on November 29 to grant the Palestinians the status of a non-member observer state in the body Israel announced settlement construction in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as a response saying part of that would likely take place in the E1 area.The Palestinians believe construction here would essentially cut the West Bank in half and could also impede access from the West Bank to East Jerusalem which the Palestinians would like to see as the capital of any future Palestinian State. In an interview with CNN the Palestinians' chief negotiator Saeb Erekat condemned the plan saying: "There is no chance for a Palestinian state. I mean it is impossible. Anyone who looks at the map looks at the geography will know exactly that this decision means that there is no more two-state solution."How many Israeli settlements are there?According to the settlement monitoring group Peace Now there are currently 137 Israeli settlements in the West Bank with about 325000 inhabitants in total. The settlements are essentially Israeli towns of various sizes in Palestinian territory. Many of them like Ma'ale Adumim look almost like any other Israeli town with everything from supermarkets to shopping malls and schools.What is their legal status?The legal status of the settlements is in dispute. The United Nations and many scholars of international law consider them illegal but Israel and some experts like the late Eugene Rostow of the Yale Law School and Julius Stone international law professor at the University of Sydney have said they are legal. The Palestinians want Israel to give up most settlements as part of any future two-state solution but many believe that is not realistic considering the size of some of them.How do settlements impact the peace process?Settlements are one key reason why there have been no negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians for several years. The Palestinians say they will only return to the table if Israel freezes all settlement construction while Benjamin Netanyahu's government wants negotiations without preconditions. The dispute over new construction in the E1 sector is adding fuel to the fire and the U.N. believes it might destroy any chance of a two-state solution for good.How would ordinary Palestinians be affected by E1 development?For average Palestinians in the area the concerns are immediate. Attala Titi a taxi driver in the town Eizzaria near Jerusalem told me he fears additional detours and checkpoints if settlements are constructed in the E1 area. "If they build this settlement and close off our roads it will mean that my trip from Hebron to Jericho would take between five hours to a whole day."How about people currently living in the settlement?Ma'ale Adumim's Mayor Benny Kashriel is happy at the prospect of expanding the settlement a project that has been on hold for years.This place, this residential neighborhood, it is in the Ma'ale Adumim municipality, part of Ma'ale Adumim municipality, government land. It has to be built for our young couples, he told me from his office. (CNN) -- Jeffrey Fowle never met Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller. But he's been in their shoes.Just three weeks ago Fowle -- like his fellow Americans Bae and Miller -- was detained in North Korea. Within a half-hour of his release he was on a plane leaving the isolated East Asian nation.On the ride to the airport ... I was hoping they'd be on the plane as well, Fowle said Saturday. "I got there and they said I was the only one coming home."No more. On Saturday the U.S. government announced that Bae and Miller will soon be joining Fowle on American soil after being released.Now in Ohio Fowle wonders why it didn't happen sooner and why he was let go first despite the fact Bae and Miller were detained before him.Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller should have been released before I was, Fowle told CNN. "But I'm glad to hear that they're on their way home."It's too early to say what their lives will be like back home. Miller has been held since April. For Bae it has been nearly two years.Euna Lee who was released from North Korea in 2009 after being detained for 140 days said she wanted to return not just to her home but to normal.You can imagine that that doesn't happen, Lee said. "But that's what I'm sure they want to probably have (to) just come back to regular mundane days."North Korea releases Bae MillerConditions vary for detainees but all isolatedNumerous Americans have been detained over the years in North Korea though that's not to say that they've all had identical experiences.Of the three released in the past few weeks it appears Bae had it worst.The married father of three from Lynwood Washington moved to China in 2005. A year later he established "Nations Tour a China-based tour company that specialized in tours of North Korea.

A devout Christian, Bae was in Rason, an area along the northeastern coast of North Korea, when authorities arrested him in November 2012. U.S. officials confirmed Bae's detention the next month. The following May, he was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for hostile acts" against the Communist nation and spent time in a labor camp as well as a hospital.And Miller got six years of hard labor in September for "acts hostile" to North Korea all because he had ripped up his tourist visa and shouted his desire to seek asylum after arriving in the country the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported.Fowle received no such sentence after leaving a Bible at a club in northern North Korea which he admitted doing.While also accused of "perpetrating hostile acts and while he -- like Bae and Miller -- told CNN he signed documents admitting his guilt, Fowle said he didn't spend time in a jail or at a labor camp. Instead, he spent time in a high-rise hotel and a hospitality center since his detention last spring.

Lee said that being cut off from the world is a major punishment in itself, with or without harsh conditions.

Being isolated in a foreign country is very difficult she said. (Having) no communication with family members or the outside world (makes) it even more hard."Former detainee: 'I'd tell them to keep the faith'Thankfully that won't be a struggle any more for Bae and Miller. If past releases are any indication they'll soon be hugging and kissing family members back in the United States then going off to spend time with loved ones.What they really need is people around them (and in the public who) can continually give them positive attention, until they are fully recovered from this attention and isolation, Lee said.Fowle said that his transition home was eased by the fact he got his old job back home in Ohio.That would seem impossible for Bae who's been gone longer and whose business was predicated on traveling to North Korea as Fowle fully admits.Still he believes that both Bae and Miller -- if they can survive months detained in North Korea -- can survive and thrive in their return home as well.Asked what he would say now to his two fellow Americans Fowle said "I'd tell them to keep the faith." (CNN) -- Growing up in Lisbon I was always pleased to tuck into the little fish pates offered as part of the entrees at my local restaurant. Little did I know that many years later this Portuguese staple of sardines would become one of the hooks which would lift the Iberian nation out of recession.In the second quarter of this year Portugal's economy outperformed many other countries in the European Union with growth of 1.1% thanks in part to its exports which rose by more than 5%.But the export euphoria was short lived: many knew that behind those chunky fish fillets Portugal had some economic bones to swallow.Fish canning factory Conserveira do Sul is in many ways an example of Portugal's economic successes and failures. For more than 30 years this family-run business in the south of the country has fought crisis after crisis.As I get a tour of the factory one of its co-owners Jorge Ferreira tells me the company has been in "pre-alert crisis since the 1970s"-- a time when the canned fish sector went into a deep crisis and many factories closed.Read more: Europe feeling the economic winds of changeThis time around however the crisis has brought him a good economic catch. Ferreira says: "Our products are low priced and they have been the option for many people who have had their wages reduced so in the last few years we have observed an increase in the quantity sold of our product."In other words the business is faring better as the Portuguese turn to a cheaper diet.But the success of Conserveira do Sul which produces 12 tons of fish every day has more to thank than just its domestic market.Read more: Serbian PM: We will be next to join European UnionChinese demand for the product and two large distribution deals in China have played a large part in their turnaround.The Chinese are looking for healthy and safe products... a safe process is very important to the Chinese market because they are very aware of contamination problems, of pollution problems says Ferreira.To secure these key distribution deals Jorge tells me he shows off the factory -- the canning process the sterilization of the product and the fresh fish itself which arrives at the port just outside the factory door -- to Chinese distributors. It's a move that has brought work and deep sighs of relief to its employees many of whom have been working here for years.Read more: Portugal energy boss: No need for second bailoutMaria is one of them. She has been cleaning gutting and canning fish since she was 13. She tells me she has plenty of work. Inside the factory she cannot feel the crisis; outside however it's a different matter.Therein lays Portugal's economic predicament. While those traditional exports of fish and olive oil offered a ray of hope in the second quarter they were not the country's saving grace with some arguing the numbers were simply an anomaly. The coalition government may have known that it was too early to call this a turnaround because they did little to play off these numbers.Read more: Merkel's style over substanceRicardo Marques an economist at Informacao dos Mercados Financeiros tells me over a coffee that we are "seeing an improvement in Portugal's economy but as long as austerity is being implemented the people on the street will never feel the benefits".There is certainly more austerity to come. The government of Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho has been unable to persuade the International Monetary Fund the European Commission and the European Central Bank to ease the country's deficit target to 4.5% of GDP from the current 4% goal.As a result the government is expected to reveal a new batch of austerity measures when it announces its budget on October 15. These are expected to include more unpopular public sector job cuts cuts to pensions and benefits and plans to raise the retirement age to 66.But this won't be easy.There is a political crisis inside the governing coalition the Constitutional Court has ruled four times against the governments' plans to trim public sector pay and recently there were whispers of a second bailout.Read more: Mutti Merkel is no Iron Lady ThatcherThe Troika which was visiting the country when I was there was quick to deny the murmurs of another crisis issuing a statement which said that Portugal's bailout program "remains broadly on track with the authorities determined to achieve its objectives."There is no doubt that there's an improvement in the Portuguese economy. There are reasons to be optimistic. But let's not start popping the champagne just yet. For now pate and bread may be the most appropriate economic aperitif. (CNN) -- Meeting planner Gail Murphy heard about the travel warning to Mexico too late in the day on Monday to do anything about her plans to head to Cancun the following day.Alberto Morales wore a mask on his flight from Mexico City to Denver Colorado on Monday.I'm in good health, said Murphy who is heading to the Eighth Annual Mexico Showcase and Travel Expo from her home in Shelburne Vermont. "I'm a risk taker so I'll go anyway."In light of the swine flu the U.S. State Department and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued a warning against any non-essential travel to Mexico. The move could potentially devastate an already struggling tourism industry in the country.The World Health Organization urged countries not to restrict international travel or close borders as such measures would not in themselves stem the outbreak. Efforts to contain the outbreak by restricting travel would be unlikely to work without "draconian measures said Dr. Keiji Fukuda, the agency's assistant director-general. But he said people who are ill should put off trips abroad, and people who fall ill after a trip should see a doctor.

Mexico is the epicenter for the swine influenza virus outbreak. More than 100 deaths in Mexico are being investigated as possibly tied to the outbreak.

The WHO confirmed 73 cases of swine flu Monday, but health officials in Scotland, California and Texas confirmed nine more, bringing the worldwide total to 82.

Reports of the illness in Mexico couldn't have come at a worse time for the country's tourism industry, which is already grappling with negative publicity about drug-cartel fueled violence.

They were having a terrible time anyway with all of the problems on the border and now to be hit with this too said Barbara Nassau, owner of New York-based In House Travel Solutions. She added that the outbreak has the potential to hamper travel similar to the way it was affected when bird flu hit China.

iReporter Dyana Pari Nafissi works in international business development in Mexico City and said tourism in the country had already been dealt a blow by fears of violence. iReport.com: Watch Dyana discuss what's happening in Mexico

We've been on a steady decline since the first U.S. travel warning about the drug cartels she said. When you look at the kids that braved [that travel warning] and now they are back [in the U.S.] and they are sick. It's devastating to the economy here."Some of the confirmed cases in the United States were high school students who recently returned from a trip to Mexico.News of the outbreak didn't seem to overly concern travelers arriving Monday at Denver International Airport on a Mexicana flight from Mexico City.Two Mexicana crew members who didn't want to be named said about 60 percent of the passengers wore masks during the flight.Ernesto Vargas a Mexican businessman didn't wear a mask. "I thought about carrying one with me but the crew wasn't wearing a mask. So we asked them and it seemed quite safe."Alberto Morales another businessman said he wore a mask in the Mexico City airport and on the plane. "Yes. I have a mask and we are using the mask."Is he concerned? "Don't worry I am OK he said with a laugh.

People are afraid about the flu but we have many precautions and the government has a good sense for this trouble Morales said.

Ian Jeffries, a spokesman for Expedia.com, said the company had no data as of Monday on cancellations or changes caused by fear of swine flu, but added that it was prepared to aid any of its customers that had concerns.

Expedia is currently offering to waive Expedia-imposed change and cancel fees for hotel and air reservations originally booked to Mexico he said. We will continue to monitor the situation and modify our policy accordingly."Several major U.S. airlines also are waiving fees for those who want to change their travel plans to Mexico.Jeffery Brown arrived at the airport in Atlanta Georgia on Monday after spending five days in Cancun with his wife. They saw people in surgical masks but didn't notice any widespread concern.My wife and I were a little concerned, but you know we haven't seen anybody sick in our resort, and we haven't seen anybody sick at the airport, he said. "Nobody said a word about it [at the resort]."Mexico isn't the only country that potentially has a tourism headache on its hands. Cases of swine flu have also popped up in Canada and Spain as well as the United States and Scotland.  Watch how businesses might be affected by swine flu »Steve Weakland border security coordinator for the United States Customs and Border Protection  Atlanta field office said all of his personnel have received illness recognition training.If a traveler exhibits symptoms of the disease CBP employees have been trained to inform the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to further investigate.Our guys are more the recognition aspect of it, Weakland said. "We wouldn't make any diagnosis or anything along those lines."Teresa Roberts planned to take her mom to Akumal Mexico for Mother's Day and said she was more worried about traveling to New York for business than she is about contracting swine flu south of the border.Just because of the number of different travelers that go through the airports in New York from all around the world, said Roberts who flies about two or three weeks a month  from her home in Atlanta Georgia. "I'm not nervous about going to Mexico at all."Many in the tourism industry appeared to be taking a wait-and-see approach. Disney Cruise Lines which does not sail into Mexico said it is closely monitoring the situation as did officials for theme parks including Universal and Sea World in Orlando Florida.Meg Barton travels several times a year to Mexico from her home in Round Rock Texas and also isn't overly worried. Because of her father's recent heart surgery she is already an avid hand washer and is always cautious about germs when abroad.I don't drink a lot of water in Mexico ever, and I am really more concerned about the drug issues in Mexico than I am the swine flue, Barton said. "We take antibiotics and Pepto with us when we travel."Eric Meyer of Lafayette Colorado flew in to Minneapolis-St. Paul with his wife and baby to visit family in Minnesota and lamented that "It's out there but what can you do?"Wash your hands maybe and call it good, he added. "Put a mask on? [I'm] not gonna go that far and be that guy yet."Rochelle Yates said a client of her New York City-based Yates Travel is planning to take plenty of antiseptic products on an upcoming trip to Cancun. Most seasoned travelers know to guard against infectious disease ordinarily Yates said.My clients are people who travel all over the world, and they know that you have to take precautions regardless, Yates said. "You have to wash your hands no matter where you are if you are on a cruise ship in a hotel or even in your own house."CNN's Chris Welch Jim Spellman and Amy Zerba contributed to this story. (CNN) -- Jim Shepperd was just crossing the Howard Frankland Bridge from Tampa to St. Petersburg when the winds whipped furiously and the first named storm of the hurricane season began its one-two punch on the Tampa Bay area.By the time he and his chow-shepherd mix Aussie made it home to Gulfport Tropical Storm Andrea was thrashing his neighborhood. Just down the street a tornado touched down felling a massive 200-year-old cedar tree. "There were a lot of trees down the hairstylist said Friday morning. We're lucky. We're OK."By 5 p.m. ET Andrea's heavy rain had moved on targeting a broad swath of the East Coast. The storm categorized as a post-tropical cyclone with sustained winds of up to 45 mph was about 55 miles northeast of Raleigh North Carolina and continuing on its predicted path up the Northeast Coast.Forecasters say it's expected to drench 13 states from Georgia to Maine.Meteorologists want everyone in Andrea's path to know this: The storm's biggest danger will probably be flash floods.The National Weather Service offers tips on what to do in a flooding situation. In short road beds may be washed out under flood waters so never drive through flooded roadways.At 11 a.m. Friday the National Hurricane Center said Andrea was packing 45-mph winds and was about 50 miles southwest of Fayetteville North Carolina and 90 miles west of Wilmington North Carolina.Andrea is expected to produce 2 to 4 inches of rain in central and eastern North Carolina. Up to 2 inches are expected over portions of South Carolina.Farther north on Friday a flood watch area includes Washington which the National Weather Service predicts could get 6 inches of rain Friday and New York where forecasters say 1 to 2 inches of rain an hour could fall at times into Saturday.Even Maine's coast including Portland could see as much as 3 inches of rain by the time the weekend is done.Follow the storm on CNN.com's hurricane trackerAs of 8 a.m. Andrea's projected path is similar to that of Tropical Storm Debby nearly a year ago. Debby dumped up to 2 feet of rain onto the low-lying areas causing extensive flooding in some coastal towns.CNN meteorologists Sean Morris and Ivan Cabrera contributed to this report. (EW.com) -- "New Year's Eve a schlock ensemble love-o-rama timed for the season of easy good feeling, is a movie I often found myself laughing at in ridicule, and one that also gave me a lump in the throat.

So I guess you could say I had a good time. The movie, like last year's Valentine's Day was written by Katherine Fugate and directed by Garry Marshall, and I can just imagine Marshall showing up on the set to basically shout seven words: ''Action!'' ''All right, everybody, overact!'' ''Okay, cut!''

If you had to pick the cheesiest subplot, your head might explode.

Is it Jon Bon Jovi as a rock star trying to win back the fiancÃ©e he dumped -- a superchef played by Katherine Heigl, who looks as if she can barely slice a pineapple?

Is it Ashton Kutcher as a smirk-aleck stuck on a grimy elevator with an agonizingly sincere backup singer (Lea Michele)?

Is it Hilary Swank as a Times Square exec who saves the dropping New Year's Eve ball from mechanical failure? (She calls...Kominsky! A repairman with funny Russian accent!)

Or is it Robert De Niro as a dying man with a bucket-list wish so wispy that the entire anecdote seems designed to let De Niro shoot his scenes in less than an hour?

New Year's Eve" is dunderheaded kitsch but it's the kind of marzipan movie that can sweetly soak up a holiday evening.EW.com rating: B-See the full article at EW.com.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly© 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved. (CNN) -- Tiger Woods' former caddy Steve Williams has issued an apology after apparently making racially tinged remarks at an awards dinner in Shanghai China.Williams -- who was fired by Woods in July -- was being presented with a satirical award for "celebration of the year" for comments he made after his new boss golfer Adam Scott beat Woods at the Bridgestone Invitational in Ohio a month later.According to media reports when asked about those comments during his acceptance speech Friday night Williams said: "I wanted to shove it up that black ---."Should Williams be punished for Tiger remarks?Shortly afterward the New Zealander issued an contrite statement on his website.I apologize for comments I made last night at the Annual Caddy Awards dinner in Shanghai. Players and caddies look forward to this evening all year and the spirit is always joking and fun.

I now realize how my comments could be construed as racist. However I assure you that was not my intent. I sincerely apologize to Tiger and anyone else I have offended."Woods is in Australia preparing for the President Cups teams event in Melbourne starting November 17.His agent Mark Steinberg said in a statement: "I was with Tiger when the story broke. We were obviously not there but if all the reports are accurate it is regrettable. Really nothing more to say."In several interviews after his dismissal which brought to an end a 13-year working relationship Williams let it be known that he was disappointed and shocked and also brought up Woods' sex scandal.Interviewed after Scott's Bridgestone victory Williams called it the "greatest week I've had in my career."Scott and Williams are at Sheshan near Shanghai to take part in the HSBC Champions golf tournament and the Australian was reportedly among the audience at the awards dinner.The row over Williams' remarks has led to media speculation that the partnership may not last much longer.However Scott told reporters that he would not be taking any action.Steve issued a statement and apologized, and he did the right thing. That's all there is to say about that from my side of things, said the 31-year-old who was in third place at the Chinese tournament ahead of Sunday's final round three shots behind Swedish leader Fredrik Jacobson.It's not an issue for me. I think everything in that room last night was all in good spirits and a bit of fun, and I think it probably got taken out of that room in the wrong context.

Anything with Tiger involved is a story. I value Steve's contribution to my game and while he's caddying I hope he can caddy for me.There was a lot of language used last night and it's just this was reported. I don't really think that stuff has ever left the room before and it's probably good reasons why. I think it's probably all very unnecessary.It is not the first time Williams has had to apologize for inappropriate remarks.Three years ago he made derogatory comments about Woods' great rival Phil Mickelson at a charity event in New Zealand and was later forced to back down by his employer.Former U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell told the UK Press Association that he did not believe Williams had intended to make a racial remark.The comments were surprising, yes. These are racially sensitive times, especially in sport. It's unfortunate because it was a very sticky situation, the Northern Irishman said.I don't think Stevie Williams was trying to be racial. I don't think it was a racial comment. I think he was trying to be funny and make a joke of it.

It was an embarrassing situation that he was put in. He was up in front of his peers and colleagues and it came out wrong."Scott shot three-under-par 69 in Saturday's third round to be on 13-under 203 at the tournament which offers more than $1.1 million to the winner and will have a big influence on who wins the European Tour money list.World No. 3 Rory McIlroy is seeking to overhaul top-ranked Luke Donald and prevent the Englishman from making history by topping both the U.S. and European money lists in the same year.The Northern Irishman shot 65 on Saturday to climb up to a tie for fourth with Lee Westwood -- four shots behind Jacobson who carded 67.Former world No. 1 Martin Kaymer who is fourth in the Race To Dubai standings behind McIlroy and Charl Schwartzel was tied for sixth with McDowell on 205. (CNN) -- The family of Marlise Munoz has long said the pregnant Texas woman was brain dead but now it has the medical records to confirm it lawyers said Friday.We have recently received Marlise Munoz's medical records, and can now confirm that Mrs. Munoz is clinically brain dead, and therefore deceased under Texas law, attorneys Jessica Janicek and Heather King said in an e-mail.Meanwhile the judge in the case has recused herself from "all remaining proceedings" and asked that another judge be assigned according to the order for recusal.No reason for the recusal is cited and Melody McDonald a spokeswoman for the Tarrant County District Attorney's Office said the office learned late Wednesday afternoon that the judge had stepped down. The case was transferred to the 96th District Court in the county according to a court order signed Friday.I do not have any other details, and we will have no further comment at this time, she said.Munoz's husband Erick asked a court Tuesday to force a hospital to take her off a respirator ventilator and other machines saying her wishes shouldn't be disregarded just because she is pregnant.Erick Munoz filed an emergency motion as well as a complaint against John Peter Smith Hospital both with the same goal: to have the hospital disconnect the machines so that her family can take her body and give her a proper burial.Marlise Munoz is legally dead, and to further conduct surgical procedures on a deceased body is nothing short of outrageous, her husband says in the motion.Erick Munoz -- like his wife a paramedic by training -- said previously that doctors told him his wife "had lost all activity in her brain stem and an accompanying chart stated that she was brain dead according to his lawsuit.

The hospital referred requests for comment to the Tarrant County District Attorney's Office, which said it will defend the medical facility against the lawsuit. It is legal counsel for John Peter Smith Hospital in a number of civil areas."In a brief court document filed Friday the civil defendant said simply "Tarrant County Hospital District d/b/a JPS Health Network generally denies each and every all and singular the allegations contained in Plaintiff's Original Petition and demands strict proof of the same."At this time no hearing has been scheduled in the case.Hospital spokesman J.R. Labbe said last month that doctors were simply trying to obey a Texas law that says "you cannot withhold or withdraw life-sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient."Munoz's husband responded by saying that "Marlise cannot possibly be a pregnant patient -- Marlise is dead." Furthermore he argued that her wishes -- relayed he said in conversations but not in writing that she not be on "life-sustaining" measures when she is brain dead -- shouldn't be treated differently from a man or other woman simply because of her pregnancy.Mother of pregnant woman on life support: Change the lawLast month Erick Munoz discussed with CNN affiliate WFAA his wife's wishes and how their shared occupation had helped shape her views.We'd seen things out in the field. We both knew that we didn't want to be on life support, he said. "We reached a point where you wish your wife's body would just stop."Lynne Machado Marlise Munoz's mother said Tuesday the family is not talking about the case but said she and her husband Ernest agree with Erick Munoz that their daughter would want to be removed from the machines.'Against the expressed will' of familyAs the lawsuit details the story began at 2 a.m. on November 26 when Erick found his wife unconscious on the kitchen floor. At the time she was 14 weeks' pregnant with the couple's second child.Soon after that she was taken to John Peter Smith Hospital where Erick Munoz says he was told that his wife "was for all purposes brain dead." The family also says the fetus may have been deprived of oxygen.In the lawsuit he says subsequent measures taken at the hospital -- and in turn the state law used to justify them -- amount "to nothing more than the cruel and obscene mutilation of a deceased body against the expressed will of the deceased and her family."Marlise Munoz's death is a horrible and tragic circumstance, but by no means should (the hospital) be entitled to continue cutting into her deceased body in front of her husband and family under the guise of 'life-sustaining' treatment, the lawsuit says.Dr. Jeffrey Ecker director of obstetrical clinical research and quality assurance at Massachusetts General Hospital works on complicated pregnancies and prenatal diagnosis. He says nothing scientifically in Marlise Munoz's pregnancy is black and white.A lot depends, first of all, on how long the patient here was deprived of oxygen, or otherwise compromised. We can certainly use tools like ultrasound and MRI to sometimes see where there has been injury as a result of low blood pressure or low oxygen. But just seeing that things look well isn't the same as saying that things will be well, he told CNN.Those things can't perfectly predict health and outcome. And there are certainly occasions where as we look as best as we can tell, a fetus seems to be developing appropriately and meeting all its milestones, and yet after birth, after delivery, there is evidence of profound compromise, Ecker said.Tom Mayo a Southern Methodist University law professor who helped write the applicable Texas law said he believes the hospital is misinterpreting it.She's not a patient anymore, he said. "And so I don't see how we can use a provision of the law that talks about treating or not treating a patient in a case where we really don't have a patient."The Texas law states that a "person may not withdraw or withhold life-sustaining treatment under this subchapter from a pregnant patient."Mayo said "The provision they seem to be relying on is called the pregnancy exclusion. More than 30 states have this pregnancy exclusion in their law. ... If they're relying on that provision I think Texas law in that respect does not compel the provision of life-sustaining treatment."When 'life support' is really 'death support'CNN's Vivian Kuo Elizabeth Landau and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report. (CNN) -- It's an unreal scene like one from a horror film.Here's how Tulsa World editor Ziva Branstetter described Oklahoma's botched execution on Tuesday of convicted killer Clayton Lockett:• 6:28 p.m. Fifty milligrams of midazolam have been injected into each of Lockett's arms to start the process an attempt to sedate him before the second and third drugs are administered to stop the breathing and the heart. Lockett has spent the past several minutes blinking and occasionally pursing his lips.• ...6:37 p.m. The inmate's body starts writhing and bucking and it looks like he's trying to get up. Both arms are strapped down and several straps secure his body to the gurney. He utters another unintelligible statement. Defense Attorney Dean Sanderford is quietly crying in the observation area.• 6:38 p.m. Lockett is grimacing grunting and lifting his head and shoulders entirely up from the gurney. He begins rolling his head from side to side. He again mumbles something we can't understand except for the word "man." He lifts his head and shoulders off the gurney several times as if he's trying to sit up. He appears to be in pain.State officials reportedly were unsure how much of the second and third drugs that were supposed to kill Lockett were actually injected into his body.While the third was being administered Lockett's vein "exploded Oklahoma Department of Corrections Director Robert Patton told reporters.

He called the execution off. Then the inmate, Patton told the media, died of an apparent heart attack at 7:06 p.m.

Perhaps some supporters of the death penalty find comfort in the fact that death by lethal injection is supposed to be painless -- more sterile than a firing squad, more clinical than the electric chair. For those people, perhaps, Oklahoma's botched execution will be a wake-up call -- a realization that all executions, regardless of method, are cruel and not especially unusual in parts of the United States.

But in Oklahoma -- where both the firing squad and the chair are still statutory alternatives to the needle, if other methods were to be deemed unconstitutional by the courts -- method and morality don't seem to matter much.

This is the state -- the state where I grew up, by the way, and where I once worked as a newspaper reporter -- that has the highest per capita rate of executions in the country. Nationally, support for the death penalty has declined from a high of 80% in the 1990s to only 60% now, according to Gallup. States such as Connecticut, Maryland and New Mexico recently have abolished this abhorrent practice. It's unclear if public opinion in Oklahoma mirrors the national trend, statistically, but anecdotal evidence suggests the state supports, if not celebrates, state-sponsored death.

Give them a bonus!" one commenter wrote on The Oklahoman's website apparently referring to the executioner or state officials.I hope that man was in more pain than anyone ever imagined possible, a woman from Oklahoma wrote on Facebook echoing a sentiment I saw repeated.Not everyone reacted this way to be sure. But an outsider could be forgiven for seeing politicians in the state who support these unethical policies as death-hungry and vengeful.History would support that view as well.It was Oklahoma after all in 1977 that was the first state to authorize death by lethal injection. That decision was made in part because Oklahoma was "facing the expensive prospect of fixing the state's broken electric chair and lethal injections were cheaper, according to Human Rights Watch.

It was Oklahoma, in 1988, that lost an argument before the U.S. Supreme Court that it should be able to execute a man who was convicted of murder at age 15.

And it was Oklahoma, just this year, that executed a 38-year-old man, Michael Wilson, whose last words, just a moment before his death, were, I feel my whole body burning."Yet the state proceeded with Lockett's execution this week. And it did so according to The Guardian using "dosages never before tried in American executions."Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin was forced to show some sense when she ordered a stay of a second execution -- of convicted child rapist and murderer Charles Warner -- that was scheduled to occur after Lockett's on Tuesday. That a state was going to execute two men in one night drew international curiosity and condemnation. It rattled some feathers in Oklahoma as there were protesters at the Capitol. But the governor and many residents were unmoved.No one would dispute that Lockett's crime was unthinkably heinous: He was convicted of shooting 19-year-old Stephanie Neiman before watching his accomplice bury her alive. But that doesn't excuse the state from ordering his death especially in this way.Both Lockett and Warner's sentences had been contested in court with attorneys for the inmates arguing that the state cannot withhold the exact source of the drugs it planned to use for the executions. A political circus ensued and the court in the view of Andrew Cohen a fellow at the Brennan Center for Justice "caved in to the political pressure."Oklahoma Supreme Court Justice Steven Taylor wrote in agreement with the court that Lockett and Warner had no right to know the source of the chemicals. "...(I)f they were being hanged they would have no right to know whether it be cotton or nylon rope; or if they were being executed by firing squad they would have no right to know whether it be by Winchester or Remington ammunition he wrote, according to news reports.

States have been scrambling to come up with drugs they can use to kill people since some drug makers stopped selling them for such purposes.

Fallin has called for an investigation into the botched execution. As part of that, she should make the source of Oklahoma's drugs known.

But Oklahoma seems to be a place hell-bent on secrecy.

Near the end of the Tulsa World editor's journal of events, Ziva Branstetter writes that blinds are lowered" and reporters were not allowed to see what happened in the final moments of Lockett's life. "Reporters exchange shocked glances she wrote at 6:39 p.m. Nothing like this has happened at an execution any of us has witnessed since 1990 when the state resumed executions using lethal injection."Reporters were escorted to a white van outside the state penitentiary in McAlester Oklahoma which is commonly known as "Big Mac."They were told to leave their state-issued pens Branstetter wrote.One could find hope in that moment -- could think that the state realizes that if witnesses saw what happened after the curtain fell they would be shocked into action. That seems like a plausible explanation but I still have my doubts.The death penalty is on its way out in America.But it's got a cold grip on Oklahoma. Kabul Afghanistan (CNN) -- The Taliban has executed a pregnant widow accused of adultery in western Afghanistan provincial and district officials said Monday.The 47-year-old woman Sanam Gul also known as Sanam Bibi was killed in Badghis province Saturday morning said Ashrafuddin Majidi the provincial governor's spokesman.The district governor of Qades Hashim Habibi confirmed the execution. He said the woman was accused of adultery that left her pregnant. The Taliban shadow district governor Mullah Abdul Hakim and his judge ordered the woman to be executed he said.Mohammad Yousuf a Taliban commander carried out the execution shooting the woman in her head Habibi said.The International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan condemned the killing. "This tragic gruesome brutality is an example of Taliban justice said U.S. Army Col. Rafael Torres, director of the ISAF Joint Command Combined Joint Operations Center. This is not what the people of Afghanistan want -- they want peace and freedom and that's what we're going to help provide."The statement from the ISAF cited reports that the widow was whipped 200 times before she was shot. Washington (CNN) -- Colleagues of Sen. Robert Byrd of West Virginia mourned his death as family and friends planned his funeral.Byrd the longest-serving member of the U.S. Congress died Monday at the age of 92.Under West Virginia law the state's popular two-term Democratic governor Joe Manchin has the power to appoint Byrd's successor. Manchin is expected to name a fellow member of his party to succeed Byrd who was also a Democrat thereby keeping a total of 59 Democrats in the Senate.There are questions however regarding exactly how long Byrd's appointed successor can serve before another election is held.West Virginia law says that if a Senate vacancy is created within two and a half years of the end of a term the appointed successor will automatically serve out the remainder of the term. If not a special election is required.Byrd's current term is scheduled to end on January 3 2013. The two and a half year mark will be reached on Saturday July 3.West Virginia law fails however to state exactly when a vacancy occurs. Whether the vacancy is considered to have been created at the moment of Byrd's death or when the Senate informs state officials of the vacancy or when Manchin declares the seat vacant will be crucial. West Virginia -- a traditional Democratic stronghold -- has been increasingly competitive for the Republicans. John McCain easily defeated Barack Obama in West Virginia in the 2008 presidential election.Neither Manchin nor the Democratic-led Senate have made any official declarations yet.As question swirl around the timing of the next election for Byrd's seat numerous political leaders have been issuing statements in remembrance of the nine-term senator:-- President Barack ObamaThe people of West Virginia have lost a true champion, the United States Senate has lost a venerable institution, and America has lost a voice of principle and reason with the passing of Robert C. Byrd. Senator Byrd's story was uniquely American. He was born into wrenching poverty, but educated himself to become an authoritative scholar, respected leader, and unparalleled champion of our Constitution. He scaled the summit of power, but his mind never strayed from the people of his beloved West Virginia. He had the courage to stand firm in his principles, but also the courage to change over time.-- Gov. Joe Manchin D-West VirginiaSen. Byrd was a fearless fighter for the constitution, his beloved state and its great people. He made a significant mark as a member of Congress in both our state's and nation's history. His accomplishments and contributions will define history for eternity.-- Sen. Jay Rockefeller D-West VirginiaIt has been my greatest privilege to serve with Robert C. Byrd in the United States Senate. I looked up to him, I fought next to him, and I am deeply saddened that he is gone. He leaves a void that simply can never be filled. But I am lifted by the knowledge of his deep and abiding faith in God, I have joy in the thought of him reunited with his dear (late wife) Erma, and I am proud knowing that his moving life story and legacy of service and love for West Virginia will live on.

Senator Byrd came from humble beginnings in the southern coalfields, was raised by hard-working West Virginians, and triumphantly rose to the heights of power in America. But he never forgot where he came from nor who he represented, and he never abused that power for his own gain.-- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid D-NevadaBy virtue of his endurance, Robert Byrd knew and worked with many of the greats of the United States Senate. Because of his enduring virtue, he will be remembered as one of them. Senator Byrd dedicated every single day of his Senate service to strengthening the institution, state and republic that he loved so dearly. There will never be another like him.--Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell R-KentuckySen. Byrd combined a devotion to the U.S. Constitution with a deep learning of history to defend the interests of his state and the traditions of the Senate. We will remember him for his fighter's spirit, his abiding faith, and for the many times he recalled the Senate to its purposes. ... We are glad to know that Senator Byrd and his beloved Erma are reunited. We extend our deepest sympathies to the entire Byrd family.--Sen. Patrick Leahy D-VermontNo senator came to care more about the Constitution or to be a more effective defender of our constitutional government than the senior senator from West Virginia. He was a senator's senator. ... I know him as a mentor and a friend. I was honored to stand with him and fight against assaults on the Constitution and against an unnecessary and costly war in Iraq.

He was a self-educated man who learned much throughout his life and had much to teach us all. He was a symbol of West Virginia, he was an outstanding senator, and he was extraordinary American.--Sen. Jeff Sessions R-AlabamaIt is a sad day for all of us. There was no one who loved the institution of the Senate more, and no one who was a better student of it.CNN's Ted Barrett Alan Silverleib and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Since the start of the financial crisis the world's wealthiest man investor Warren Buffett has been front and center.Alice Schroeder says investor Warren Buffett has become a symbol of stability in American business.He's advised Sen. Barack Obama on economic policy. He urged Congress to pass the $700 billion bailout bill. He bought stakes in Goldman Sachs and General Electric.He wrote an op-ed piece in the New York Times saying he's buying stock in American companies now because he believes they will do well in the long run citing as his rule: "Be greedy when others are fearful."Buffett's name came up in the second presidential debate when the candidates agreed he'd be a good choice for treasury secretary. His fortune was estimated at $62 billion by Forbes in March.Alice Schroeder got Buffett's cooperation in writing her new book "The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life" (Bantam Books). Schroeder who worked on Wall Street as an insurance industry analyst met Buffett 10 years ago when his company Berkshire Hathaway bought a big insurance company.Schroeder says she suggested he write a book about his life and the 78-year-old Buffett turned the tables urging her to do it instead. Schroeder estimates she spent about 2000 hours with Buffett and interviewed 250 people for the book. Now on a tour to promote her book Schroeder is in a unique position to speak about Buffett at a time when many media outlets are seeking his views.I have about 300 hours of recorded interviews and the rest of the time I observed him, I watched him make decisions and talk on the phone, went through files. I got to sit in his office for weeks, I ate steaks with him, says Schroeder who's 51. "If it ever said moo he'll pretty much eat it. He likes his steaks bloody rare and hanging off the plate they're so big."CNN: Why are people so interested in Warren Buffett?Schroeder: I think he's transcended business to become a national figure because of people's trust in him as a symbol of stability and a symbol of someone who knows how to manage risk and avoid catastrophe and of how to run a business on principles.CNN: Is there any realistic possibility of him taking a government position?Schroeder: No none. What he really likes to do is run Berkshire Hathaway and he's not going to let anything take him away from that. He's also not going to let anyone spend his day filled up with meetings or schedule his time he's too independent.CNN: You make clear that in the 1990s tech boom Wall Street turned away from Buffett and there was some criticism of him. Do you think that now because of the market downturn people will look to him more to set a standard of how the market operates?Schroeder: I think it's fair to say that throughout his career every time there's been a bubble and it's burst his reputation has grown. That happened in the 1960s when the bubble burst in the 1970s it happened again after 1987. It happened again after the savings and loan crisis. ... It happened again after the Internet bubble and it's happening now.CNN: It doesn't seem to have had a lasting effect since we keep going back into another boom period or bubble.Schroeder: He would say that human nature doesn't change and that fear and greed are always the two drivers of the market. And there are people who listen when he gives learnings but that the market will always be ruled by cycles driven by fear and greed.CNN: Have you talked to him about the current market turmoil?Schroeder: Last spring when Bear Stearns was being taken over by J.P. Morgan ... he talked about the dominoes falling and how if that happened the government could face some very unpleasant choices and have to take drastic measures. With hindsight it looks really prescient. In 2002 he talked about derivatives as financial weapons of mass destruction.More recently his observation was that there was a lot of anger and denial at first about what was going on and that people were not quite grasping the gravity of the situation and how quickly and dramatically they needed to move.He always says don't sell into a panic don't let the fear and the emotions of the market change how you feel. If you own good stocks in good companies or you own an index of the markets and you see it getting cheaper that's a reason to be happy not to panic and sell. ... The idea is buy low sell high -- not buy high sell low.He understands the factors that are burdening the country the federal deficit the consumer debt the infrastructure spending that we're going to have to do but he has a belief in American ingenuity which over the long term has enabled our country to solve problems that seemed insurmountable in the past. For example in the 1970s it looked like the country could not ever dig its way out of the mess. So he does have a faith in the long-term prospects of the country.CNN: Is he a gambler?Schroeder: No he's a handicapper -- big difference. A handicapper is somebody who understands odds-making. A gambler is somebody who bets but may not even understand the odds. Warren believes in a margin of safety he doesn't bet unless the odds are overwhelmingly in his favor. When he goes to Vegas he does not gamble he goes to see the shows.CNN: What are his flaws?Schroeder: He is somebody who can be very tough in business and very impersonal including with people he likes. And in personal relationships he negotiates as if it were a business relationshipWhen he was putting Berkshire Hathaway together as [his business partner] Charlie Munger puts it he was an implacable acquirer. The book refers to him in my words as a great white shark and the book describes the battle between his avarice and his higher principles. At times his avarice won.And over his lifetime it's been essentially a progress during which his higher principles have increasingly had the upper hand. But when he was in junior high he was a shoplifter. He was a juvenile delinquent. He sold his sister's bicycle. It's been pretty much uphill from there but it hasn't been a straight line.CNN: In his adult life was there a time when his avarice won out over higher principles?Schroeder: Absolutely he's made investments that he shouldn't have made for example when he invested in Salomon. He was criticizing Wall Street and saying if you want to make a lot of money hold your nose and go to Wall Street and at the same time he was already there. Berkshire owned $700 million of convertible preferred [stock] in a major Wall Street bank. And he was sort of mentally distancing himself from a business that he was invested in.That kind of separation is something that's very hard to maintain. And in the end he had to become interim chairman of Salomon to rescue the firm. Psychologically he was trying to distance himself from it because the two sides of him were at war.CNN: Is he still critical of Wall Street?Schroeder: You've got an economy in which financial intermediaries who don't add anything to the economy ... have in the past two decades stripped off huge amounts of fees particularly buyout funds and hedge funds and funds of funds and he's very very critical of the amount of fees that have been taken out.He has no problem with executive pay when it's related to performance. He thinks in most cases executives are being paid to sit in a chair whether they perform or not.  And he's pointed out that these people are not like major league baseball players who get recruited away by other teams. When CEOs get fired and they get these golden parachutes you don't normally see them winding up somewhere else right?So they're getting paid these huge amounts of money as an incentive to stay and then they get paid the consolation prize when they get fired. The pay is always getting ratcheted upward they're getting paid to incent them to stay and they're getting paid to console them when they leave no matter what the shareholders are getting. It's not aligned with anything the shareholders get that really bothers him.CNN: What would he say about coping with an economic downturn?Schroeder: That people should think for the long run and make their personal decisions for the long run and build a margin of safety into their lives as best they can.Think about what could go wrong. Don't assume the best-case scenario. If you've got debts your first thought should be how to pay them off and negotiate with creditors if you're struggling because they'll usually be flexible. And be realistic about what you can afford because having a financial cushion means you can sleep at night and that's worth more than a big-screen TV. (CNN) -- Police in Norwalk Ohio are searching for a 17-year-old girl who has been missing since June 7 after trading text messages with her boyfriend that indicated the two were planning to run away together police Sgt. Jim Fulton said Monday.Fulton said police believe Abbi Obermiller left her grandparents' home on her own accord late on the night of June 6 but said detectives are "concerned" that the situation may have changed and that there is a "possibility she is in danger."He declined to elaborate on what information authorities have received that led them to believe her situation possibly changed.Investigators in the case have uncovered a series of text messages between Obermiller and her boyfriend identified by police and by Obermiller's parents as 20-year-old Robert Young of Norwalk that appear to be coordinating when she would be picked up from her grandparents' home in the early morning hours of June 7 Fulton said.According to Fulton Obermiller repeatedly sent messages to Young asking "How much longer?"At 12:45 a.m. June 7 Young responded and told her to "leave now Fulton said.

The last text message from Obermiller appeared to direct Young to her location, Fulton said.

CNN could not immediately reach Young for comment Monday night.

Young has denied knowledge of Obermiller's whereabouts, according to police.

Young has told police the messages were a week old and were sent over Memorial Day weekend while the couple coordinated a swimming date, Fulton said.

However, other evidence indicates the couple were  making plans to run away  after Obermiller's parents expressed  disapproval of their relationship,  Fulton said.

Young was charged June 14 with obstruction of justice in the case for  his failure to cooperate in the investigation, authorities said.

A text message to one of Obermiller's friends sent before her disappearance indicates Obermiller knew she would be going away.

In it, she tells her bestest friend" that she won't be able to talk for a while so "don't forget me according to Fulton.

And a note found in her grandparents' home reads: I just couldn't take any more of this drama it's not good for me. Love you all. Hope to see you soon. Love Abbi according to Fulton.

Fulton also said one of Obermiller's friends told police she saw Abbi wearing a wedding ring.

We do believe that Bobby does know where she's at he just doesn't want to tell us Obermiller's mother, Rose Obermiller, told HLN's Prime News" on Monday night.Rose Obermiller told "Prime News" that she initially approved of her daughter's relationship with Young but that Young's behavior grew increasingly alarming.In the beginning he was a nice Christian boy, Obermiller said. "He went to church he was on the baseball team he was on the basketball team (and) he really cared for Abbi.But as it went on, he was telling her, 'No I don't want you to be class treasurer; no, I don't want you to go to New York with your choir; no, I don't want you to see these friends and relatives, Obermiller said. "He was telling her what not to do."Fulton said Young has declined to take a polygraph test in the case. (CNN) -- After the fall of the Berlin Wall East Germany lay in shambles as many businesses went bankrupt and millions of people lost their jobs.Some firms however got back on their feet and revived the "Made in Germany" trademark by harnessing the expertise of their workers. Their aim was to become once again a global brand.CNN travelled to the town of Glashütte in Saxony known as the birthplace of the German watchmaking tradition. Here watchmakers such as A. Lange & Söhne and Nomos Glashütte among others have thrived since the fall of the Wall and have since exported their high-end watches to the rest of the world.German craftsmanshipIt is companies like these which put their personal unique stamp on a timeless piece which isn't assembled overnight explained A. Lange & Söhne. "It takes about four weeks for a watchmaker to put this piece together. And to learn to do this you need about five to ten years of experience said Marco Wolf, a watchmaker at A. Lange & Söhne, one of the longest-running high-end watchmakers in the world.

The hand-crafted timepieces, all mechanical and made with microscopic precision, are carefully created in the former Communist town of Glashütte.

That is what our customers appreciate. The love for details striving for perfection. All that with typical German attributes like solidity cleanliness understatement. I think that combination is what drives people and what makes them our customers said Wilhelm Schmid, CEO of A. Lange & Söhne.

Attention to detail goes beyond the surface, according to Schmid, who describes how even tiny parts of the watch the customer will never see are engraved. And each engraver has his or her own signature style he added.

All in the family

The company's namesake, Ferdinand Adolf Lange, founded Glashütte's watchmaking tradition in 1845. The industry flourished and for over a century Glashütte was Germany's watchmaking capital.

But all that changed after World War II, when Glashütte suddenly found itself in the Communist east part of Germany. All the watchmaking companies were nationalized and forced to build cheap watches, some of which were secretly sold in the West.

After the fall of the Berlin Wall, much of the watch industry was able to get back on its feet, explained Schmid. There was still talent here. They were working on different watches than we are working on here today but the talent generally speaking was there he said. So all we had to do was help them to get to the next level."Bouncing backFortunately for those companies Glashütte has revived as Germany's capital of watchmaking once again employing more people than it ever has. Of the town's 1800 residents 1500 work in the watchmaking industry.Watchmaker Nomos Glashütte is another example of the area's growth in the past 25 years. The company formed two months after the fall of the Berlin Wall says its focus on design has pushed it forward in the past 25 years. "We have brought great and unique design to Glashütte said Uwe Ahrendt, CEO of Nomos Glashütte. We make beautiful watches and our timepieces come at very good prices he said.

In an era of start-ups and cheaper products being made at a fraction of the cost, the anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall is a reflection of how resilient these particular watchmakers have been, and how adaptable they are in the global landscape.

Read more Super fast and green? How the new breed of sports cars is getting a makeover

Read more: Want a top notch college degree but can't afford it? Head to Germany

Learn more: Germany by numbers: A look inside Europe's economic powerhouse

 (EW.com) -- Is it too soon to make a horror film inspired by the 1986 Chernobyl disaster in which a vast area of the world was radioactively contaminated following the catastrophic meltdown of a Ukrainian nuclear power plant?No according to Oren Peli.The "Paranormal Activity" writer-director both co-wrote and co-produced this tale of six vacationing twentysomethings who make the egregious error of signing up for an ''extreme tourism'' outing to the Chernobyl-adjacent and long abandoned town of Pripyat. (Newcomer Bradley Parker directs.)Before you can say ''What was the ballet all sold out?'' our hero-victims are being menaced and rapidly thinned out in an array of ways it does not behoove us to disclose here.If nowhere near as scary as the original "Paranormal the result is superior to many of the low-budget terror flicks that have arrived since (yes, The Devil Inside we're talking about you) and benefits hugely from Dimitri Diatchenko's performance as moviedom's Worst. Tour. Guide. Ever. B--

See the full story at EW.com.

CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly

© 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.

 Islamabad Pakistan (CNN) -- Torrential rains and floods in Pakistan have killed 30 people and 50 others are missing a paramilitary official said Friday.More than 30000 people have been affected by flooding mainly in Pakistan's southwestern Balochistan province said Murtaza Baid spokesman for the Frontier Corps. Water swept away four villages and severely damaged others.Medical camps and shelters have been set up for victims and 900 troops are helping doctors and emergency teams in rescue efforts.Flooding has also been reported in southern Punjab province.Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Ollanta Humala a left-leaning Peruvian politician who promises reforms in education and services to the poor was sworn in as the nation's president Thursday.In his first address as president Humala stressed equality saying he wants Peru to be "a place where everyone enjoys the same rights to abundance and happiness."Economic growth and social inclusion must march together, he said of his governing philosophy.He succeeds Alan Garcia who oversaw a period of robust economic growth as president but who nonetheless was unpopular and criticized for promoting business at the expense of indigenous groups and the environment.Humala an ex-army officer who ran unsuccessfully for president in 2006 as a leftist ally of Venezuela's Hugo Chavez reinvented himself as a more moderate leader.He calmed markets and worries that his moderation was a facade to win the election by naming a Cabinet made up of political moderates.The new president has promised to spread the benefits of Peru's economic boom to the poor. He has cited needs to improve the nation's infrastructure water sanitation and education particularly in rural areas.A number of presidents from other Latin American countries including Ecuador Chile and Brazil were on hand to witness the swearing-in ceremony.There was a small oddity during the swearing in of Humala and his two vice presidents when they all swore allegiance to Peru's 1979 Constitution. That document however was replaced in 1993 by a new one drafted during the presidency of strongman Alberto Fujimori. Humala defeated Fujimori's daughter Keiko to win the presidency.The slap at the current Constitution resulted in boos and shouts from members of Fujimori's party.Several times in his speech Humala talked about the importance of unity.Reality requires a new social contract that makes it possible for all Peruvians to live together, he said.He added that he wants "to be seen as a defender of human rights and of freedom of the press and expression." Other leftist leaders in Latin America such as Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa and Venezuela's Chavez have been criticized by press freedom organizations for clamping down on the media.Humala promised change but warned that it would not be as swift as his critics fear or as some of his supporters desire.To be lasting he said "any changes must be gradual and rational."In another minor controversy the outgoing president Garcia did not attend the swearing-in ceremony to pass the presidential sash to his successor. Garcia who was also president in a disastrous term from 1985 to 1990 was booed and heckled by Congress when he bid farewell. According to local media he decided not to attend this time to avoid another round of heckling. Kabul Afghanistan (CNN) -- Another Taliban leader has been seized in neighboring Pakistan by security forces sources said.Mullah Abdul Salam was arrested last week according to Afghan government officials Taliban sources and a U.S. official.Word of Salam's arrest comes days after news of the capture of the Afghan Taliban's reputed second-in-command Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar.The Taliban is down another 'shadow governor,'  the American source said of Salam. The source declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the information.The news came against the background of an intensified U.S.-led campaign against insurgents on both sides of the border.Taliban fighters are resisting Operation Moshtarak an allied military push into areas the Taliban control in southern Afghanistan's Helmand province.They know this is their last stronghold. They're not backing down, CNN's Atia Abawi reported from the battlefield where she is embedded with U.S. Marines.The crackle of small-arms fire and the whoosh of outgoing mortar rounds from the Marines were clearly audible on the line as she described the battle.About five minutes ago, Taliban started attacking our area, she said shortly before 8 a.m. ET. "The Taliban are not giving up -- they seem to be coming out in squads [but] they know they can't group together in large numbers" because it would make them easier targets.The Taliban seem to include "foreign fighters who will fight to the death she said.

It will take NATO-led military forces another 25 to 30 days to secure that which needs to be secured" in Helmand and a further three months to ensure insurgents are kept out of the area British Maj. Gen. Nick Carter said Thursday in a briefing from Afghanistan broadcast by the Pentagon Channel.The Nad-e Ali district is "broadly secure Carter said, noting there is still Taliban resistance in Marjah.

It will be some days before we can be completely confident that Marjah is secure said Carter, the International Security Assistance Force's head of Regional Command South.

Ten civilians were killed on the second day of the operation, he said. Reports at the time said 12 were killed.

There have been five casualties among the NATO-led forces during the operation, the forces said in a statement Thursday, without giving further details.

It said later that four ISAF servicemembers died Thursday -- two of them in an improvised explosive device strike; another after a separate IED attack; small-arms fire killed the fourth servicemember. It was not immediately clear whether the four were among the five casualties noted earlier. The four deaths bring to 44 the number of Americans killed this year in Afghanistan. In all, 78 coalition forces have died this year

Across the border in Pakistan, four people were killed and five were wounded Thursday when a drone fired on a suspected militant compound in the country's tribal region, intelligence sources and a local political official said.

The four dead were suspected militants, two intelligence officials said. It was not clear whether the wounded also were militants.

The remote-controlled aircraft fired two missiles at the compound in the Danday Darpakhel area of North Waziristan, one of seven districts in the tribal region along the Afghan border, the sources said. They asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to speak to the media.

The U.S. military does not comment on reported attacks by the pilotless aircraft, but the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones.

Salam was arrested in Pakistan, the Afghan government and Taliban sources said, but they named different cities as the location of his capture.

Gov. Muhammad Omar of Afghanistan's Kunduz province said Salam was detained in Quetta, where the Afghan Taliban reportedly has its leadership councils. The Taliban sources said he was nabbed in Faisalabad.

Salam is believed to be the Taliban commander for Kunduz, Omar said.

Salam was directing Taliban military operations in the province, including ordering terrorist actions, mine planting and suicide attacks, said Abdul Razaq Yaqubi, police chief in Kunduz.

Yaqubi said Salam and another Taliban shadow governor Mullah Salih, were arrested last week in the Pakistani city of Peshawar. He said the information came from Pakistani authorities.

Salih was the shadow governor of Baghlan province, the police chief said. There was no immediate confirmation of Salih's arrest.

Taliban sources and Omar said other suspected members of the Afghan Taliban were arrested with Salam, but their identities are not clear.

CNN's Pam Benson in Washington and journalist Mati Matiullah in Kabul contributed to this report.

 It was a shocking and gruesome discovery: three dead infants found in a Massachusetts home so squalid that police officers had to search it in hazmat suits.Now days later as investigators continue to search through what the Worcester County District Attorney's Office describes as the home's "deplorable conditions (such as) massive insect infestation mounds of used diapers and feces a picture is beginning to emerge of the family that lived inside.

And it's a picture so deranged, so unfathomable to a reasonable mind, that even a lawyer for the accused calls the situation completely inexplicable."Erika Murray was arraigned September 12 on a bevy of charges stemming from the discovery of the dead infants at her home the day before but she has not been charged in their deaths. The 31-year-old pleaded not guilty to charges of concealing an out of wedlock fetal death two counts of permitting substantial injury to a child intimidation of a witness cruelty to an animal and violating an abuse prevention order according to Tim Connolly a district attorney spokesman.Whether or not Murray is the mother is not known by authorities for certain at this point but her attorney assumes that she is. "My expectation is that it will be confirmed that they were indeed hers Keith Halpern told CNN.

Murray lived in the now-condemned single family home with her longtime boyfriend, Ray Rivera, and the couple's children. Just how many children lived with them in the vermin-infested 1,150-square-foot home, however, depends on which parent you ask: of the four living children that the state removed from the home on August 28, Murray told investigators that Rivera, 38, only knew about two of them.

The other two -- a 3 year old and an infant, according to Halpern -- were apparently not only born in secret but lived hidden from their father amid mountains of garbage under the same roof.

Rivera also presumably" did not know about the ones that had died at least according to the account Murray has told authorities Halpern said.It is a mystery to me how Mr. Rivera could have failed to notice (the) numerous pregnancies (of) the woman with whom he shared a bed, said Halpern. "It's a mystery to me how he could have failed to realize that there were two children living under the same roof as him and he didn't know about it."CNN was unable to reach Rivera or members of his family Sunday evening. He has not been charged with any crime and there is no public record of physical abuse.'Prisoner of her own fear'Halpern said that while his client's explanation "is not based in reality the situation  Murray came to be in was the result of fear, not malice. She was terrified of the pregnancies being discovered said Halpern. She was terrified of the two younger children being discovered. Why? I don't know the answer to that."Whether based in reality or not Halpern said Murray was "a prisoner of her own fear" and suggested it was that fear that explains the three infants found dead in her home. "Try to imagine the state of mind of a woman who attempts to hide a pregnancy  go into labor and deliver children -- at least twice but presumably five times -- on her own."I feel certain that she did not do anything to harm any of these children, he said. "I don't think there will be a determination that they were killed."Though Halpern said he has yet to consult with a pathologist he said it is not clear if they were ever alive to begin with or if they were all stillborn.Abuse suspected in 2007The state's removal of the four living children at the home last month was the result of the filing of what's called a 51A report in Massachusetts according to Alec Loftus a spokesman for the state's office of Health and Human Services. A 51A can be filed by any citizen with reason to believe that a child has been abused or neglected.This was not the first time a 51A had been filed when it came to that home according to a Massachusetts Department of Children and Families spokeswoman. Cayenne Isaksen said such a report was previously received in 2007 but that "it was unsupported and therefore no case was opened."For now Isaksen said DCF has Murray's four children in its care and is focused on  "ensuring (their) safety and well-being and providing them with the proper medical care support and services they need she said. Connolly said that the family caring for them has no public statement to make at this time.

Murray's case was adjourned to October 14. Investigators, meanwhile, remain at the scene digging through the squalor.

Our investigation will continue for quite some time said Joseph Early, the Worcester County District Attorney.

Dad accused of slaying five kids had history with social services

 LONDON England (CNN) --   Bread. For Egypt's middle classes it is breakfast lunch and dinner. In Egyptian Arabic it is known as "aish" which means both bread and life.Bread is the staple food of Egypt's poor -- 40 percent of whom live on around $2 per dayFor many Egyptians the flat round bread is also becoming a symbol of the country's inequalities.Rocketing global commodity prices and failing domestic supplies have made this staple food unaffordable for 20 percent of the country's 76 million inhabitants.The Middle East's most populous country is not alone in these problems. The UN warned economic turmoil could hit many of the world's poorer countries as global inflation spirals -- but with 40 percent of the population living near the poverty line the price rise has struck particularly hard.Earlier this week in the gritty industrial city of Mahalla al-Kobra northern Egypt a teenager was killed during two days of violent clashes between residents and police.The protesters who are enraged by low wages and rising prices also tore down a billboard of Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak.Prime Minister Ahmed Nazif rushed to the city to try to head off any further escalation in the civil disturbances and workers were promised bonuses and concessions. But for many Egyptians these moves are too little too late.On the streets the popularity of Mubarak's regime is at an all time low. The riots in Mahalla al-Kobra are the latest in a series of flares in social unrest. Read CNN Correspondent Ben Wedeman's blog about the Egypt crisisDespite a growing economy and billions of dollars in international investment average wages remain low and the gulf between the country's tiny elite and the majority of workers grows ever wider.The doubling of prices over the past year and an acute shortage of government subsidized bread has acted as a catalyst to the population's smoldering discontent.All Egyptians can buy the cheap government subsidised bread under a decades old socialist-inspired system that also provides subsidies for public transport and gasoline.As unsubsidized bread -- which can sell at 10 to 12 times the cost of government bread -- becomes unaffordable for a portion of the population the demand for government bread is growing.At the same time the supplies of subsidized bread have also decreased. The population is jaded and many people believe that corruption is behind the shortages. Rumors circulate that subsidized bakeries would rather sell their flour on the black market than use it to produce bread.People have no choice but to wait in line to buy government bread. "I've been standing here for hours and we are not close to getting bread yet Mohammed el-Deeb, a manager at a medical company told the Associated Press, Of course I need to stand in the line I can't afford the other bread."In recent weeks two people were stabbed and killed when fights broke out over government bread. Five others died from exhaustion caused by hours spent standing in line.There are fears the unrest could emulate the 1997 bread riots in which 70 people were killed after the government raised the price of bread and other subsidized foods.The government is facing a political crisis and has ordered the army -- which normally only makes bread for employees -- to increase production and distribute it to the public. The army opened 10 large bakeries in Cairo and set up 500 kiosks to sell bread to the public according to the government. Read John Defterios' blog about the Egyptian food crisisEgypt grows about half the wheat it consumes every year and buys the rest from the world market. Egypt's Finance Minister Youssef Boutros Ghali says this is what is causing all the problems: "The price rise is being driven by what is happening in the international markets. The local component is very little."He also believes the international investment and economic growth needs time to trickle down through the whole population "It's not enough. There are 77 million of us. For the 77 million to feel it we need at least five six seven years plus of growth he said.

But that won't give much relief to the country's citizens, many of whom currently live on $2 a day.  E-mail to a friend

 (CNN) -- While an art student at Dumlupinar University Turkish illustrator Murat Palta watched "Star Wars". As with the generations of fans that preceded him he was struck by the film's epic quality. Though the movie is set in the future Palta was reminded of the colorful Ottoman miniatures that illustrated Turkish literature from the 16th century.Gallery: Cult classics reimagined as Ottoman miniaturesI kept on trying to imagine what 'Star Wars' would look like if it was placed in the Ottoman era, so I decided it would be good to illustrate it, he recalls. Palta soon got hooked on reimagining Western cult classics in the Eastern tradition.For his graduation project he expanded his portfolio to include antique-style versions of several cult classics including "A Clockwork Orange Inception" and an array of Scorsese and Tarantino movies.I guess I just really like movies, he admits. "I just wanted to make fun of them but not in a mean way."There is an underlying playfulness throughout his illustrations. Each took a full day or two to complete using a combination of handmade stencils watercolors and Photoshop.In his rendition of "Scarface Al Pacino shoots down his foes while wearing a fez. His Goodfellas" gangsters drive horse and buggies instead of cars and in "The Shining Danny rides a bicycle made of wood.

The first time I mentioned my project to my teachers they didn't understand it Palta admits. They said 'why don't you illustrate Turkish movies?' I told them there's no point. I wanted to combine not just the two cultures -- Western and Eastern -- but the two styles: modern and traditional."They were impressed when they saw the finished product however and Palta since graduated has moved on to display his work (he's gearing up for an exhibition in Florence Italy at the Vaia Balekis Contemporary Art Gallery). The project is also far from over.I'm still working on it, he admits. "I think next I'll illustrate 'Lord of the Rings' and '2001: A Space Odyssey' or maybe 'Pan's Labyrinth.'"Gallery: Iranian epic Shahnahmeh remade for the digital ageInteractive: Press freedom in the Middle East BABAHOYO Ecuador (CNN)  -- At least 10 people have died and thousands have been left homeless after torrential rains inundated large parts of Ecuador officials said Thursday.Authorities said the rains which began a week ago were the worst in a quarter century. Civil defense officials said more than 10000 families have been affected.Los Ríos -- north of Guayaquil -- was the hardest hit of nine provinces affected civil defense officials said.In Los Ríos province five people died when an ambulance drove into a hole at the side of a street at dawn Thursday. A newborn boy his parents a doctor and a driver were killed.Streets also were flooded in the capital of Quito.  Watch the scenes of devastation in Ecuador »On Wednesday President Rafael Correa declared a state of emergency and ordered 2000 members of the army and the police to help rescue workers. Correa increased by $25 million the $10 million he already had allocated for the emergency efforts. He also directed another $88 million to municipalities.Once the crisis has eased an emergency fund will give seed and fertilizer to help farmers whose fields were washed away Ecuador's government said. There also have been reports of livestock drowning.Cristina Medina a spokeswoman for the Ecuadorean Red Cross said provinces most heavily affected were along the Pacific coast where drinking water was often in short supply.In some towns high waters forced entire neighborhoods to evacuate Medina said. E-mail to a friend (CNN) -- World No. 2 Roger Federer reached the semifinals of the Paris Masters for the first time in his long and illustrious career with a straight-sets victory over Austria's Jurgen Melzer on Friday.The top seed in the absence of the injured Rafael Nadal Federer had previously never made it past the last-eight stage -- where he was eliminated in 2002 2003 and 2008.It is the second time he has beaten a frustrating run in the capital having ended his long wait for a first French Open title on clay at Roland Garros last year.The Swiss star a 16-time Grand Slam champion who has won 65 career titles defeated 11th seed Melzer for the third time this season following straight-sets victories at Wimbledon and the US Open.The 29-year-old triumphed 6-1 7-6 (7-4) against the French Open semifinalist to set up a Saturday showdown with last year's losing finalist Gael Monfils who upset world No. 4 Andy Murray in front of a jubilant home crowd in the late match.I thought I served well the whole match, Federer told the ATP website after firing 18 aces his best in a two-set match.I think in the second he was able play a bit more solid overall, and I think he served a bit better. Top guys rarely just go through two sets not having a sniff at all. His sniff was in the breaker when he hit two good returns to go 2-1 in a mini-break, really.French 12th seed Monfils lost the opening game to love but broke Murray on the Scot's next turn at serve before going on to seal a 6-2 2-6 6-3 victory.Monfils will be seeking to stop Federer's bid to win a third successive ATP event as he bids to emulate last year's feat when he made it to the title match before losing to Novak Djokovic.The other semifinal of the indoor hardcourt tournament will be fought out by fourth seed Robin Soderling and dark horse Michael Llodra who knocked out Djokovic on Thursday.Soderling saw off American eighth seed Andy Roddick with the Swede winning 7-5 6-4 against a player he will line up with at the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London later this month.He reached the last four at Paris-Bercy for the first time having ended a run of two three-set defeats to Roddick in the U.S. earlier this year.I just didn't feel sharp - everything was very basic, Roddick told the ATP website. "I played one good point one bad point. The basics weren't there as much as they have been in the past couple of weeks which is disappointing."World No. 34 Llodra France's fourth-ranked player boosted his chances of being picked for next month's Davis Cup final against Serbia as he continued his dream run this week.The first unseeded semifinalist since 2007 the left-hander defeated Russian 10th seed and 2006 champion Nikolay Davydenko 7-5 6-1.The 30-year-old fought back from 4-2 down in the first set to win 11 of the next 13 games.I needed to play serve-and-volley because he was returning very well, Llodra said. "I was very lucid on break-points. When I had opportunities I tried to be aggressive. I think today it was more mental victory than a tennis victory." ROOSEVELT New York (CNN) -- When Lisa Brown moved into her rental house on Long Island last summer with her three daughters she says it felt like a new beginning.Lisa Brown has to move out of her rental house because it is facing foreclosureAfter living in apartments the spacious house got her attention immediately. "It was bigger than what I had lived in she says. Brown was also won over by the neighborhood with its tidy homes and good school district. I wanted to come here and I wanted to see my kids graduate from this school district."But they hardly had a chance. Instead fighting back tears she says "I have to get out."Brown and her family are being evicted not because of anything they did but because her landlord defaulted on the mortgage and the house fell into foreclosure. The house was recently sold at auction.The bad news came just seven months after Brown had moved in. A real estate broker came to the door and handed her an eviction notice telling her she had 30 days to vacate. "I was hysterical I was like what do you mean?"Watch Lisa Brown's talk about why she has to move »  The broker explained that the landlord no longer owns the property and that the lease was no longer valid. Brown had no idea the house was in foreclosure.  As a tenant she always paid her rent on time and she assumed the rent was going toward the mortgage.I didn't see there was a problem, she said. "You know I'm paying rent and she's putting it toward her mortgage I didn't see the problem."Unfortunately Brown is not the only tenant caught off guard. According to the Center for Housing Policy nearly 20 percent of all foreclosures are on rental properties and tenants' rights in such situations are minimal.   In most states when a bank forecloses on a landlord the tenant has no guarantee of being allowed to stay in the property and neither the bank nor the landlord has a legal obligation to tell the tenant about the foreclosure. So while the owners know what's going on renters are usually kept in the dark.New York State Sen. Jeff Klein is aware that renters can run into problems. "In many instances they're actually paying their rent on time and the owner of the property who is in foreclosure is pocketing the money he says.

Klein says rental properties are involved in 50 percent of all foreclosures in New York, and he is working on a law to warn renters of foreclosure proceedings ahead of time and to keep them from losing their security deposit and being evicted with nowhere to go.

Similar laws are already in place in Ohio, Illinois, Minnesota, Maryland, Rhode Island, Michigan and California. What we're facing here" Klein says "is sort of the new homeless population unless we do something about it."Brown was astonished to learn that her landlord rented her the house when she knew she was losing it. "She knew that this house was foreclosing on her. She did nothing about it. Nothing except take my money."Brown was paying $1900 a month in rent. She had also paid $5700 for a security deposit and broker fees to secure the house. She says that money is gone. "She will not give me my deposit back. Nothing."CNN tried to reach the owner who lives upstairs for comment but her phone was disconnected and no one answered the door. The broker who rented her the house and who was paid $1900 says he did not know the house was in foreclosure. He also says the brokerage fee will not be returned.It took everything I had to move in, Brown says "to give my kids a better environment." And now "I'm left out with nothing."Because eviction papers trump the lease Brown has no legal right to stay. The bank that foreclosed on the house and now owns it offered her $1000 to get out but she says she's lost close to $6000 and has nowhere to go.If it was me, yeah I could move out and go on my own. But it's my family you're talking about, my children, my three daughters and my pets, that I brought in here thinking that we were going to stay and be happy.Brown is considering suing the owner in small-claims court to get her money back and cover moving expenses. For now though she says she will adjust her dreams and find another place for her family to live. (CNN) -- Veteran striker Raul Gonzalez scored his 71st Champions League goal to help Schalke beat holders Inter Milan 2-1 on the night and 7-3 on aggregate to reach the semifinals of the competition on Wednesday.Already in the driving seat after their stunning 5-2 first leg win at the San Siro the German Bundesliga side never looked likely to relinquish their advantage and eased through to the last four where they will now face Manchester United.Raul opened the scoring on the stroke of half-time controlling an inch-perfect pass from compatriot Jose Manuel Jurado before rounding goalkeeper Julio Cesar to slip the ball home.However the Italian side levelled the scores just four minutes later when Thiago Motta was left unmarked from a corner to head home.Benedikt Hoewedes then had a header ruled out for offside but the Schalke defender was not to be denied and he hit the winner with nine minutes remaining firing home after latching onto Raul's pass.Schalke coach Ralf Rangnick told reporters: "We have produced two great performances against Inter.If you only allow the Champions League winners a couple of chances, you know you have played well.

Each player worked hard for each other and that was the key to our success he added.

Schalke will host United in Gelsenkirchen on April 26 in the first leg, with the return at Old Trafford on May 4.

 Paipote Chile (CNN) -- In short order freed miner Victor Antonio Segovia dispatches with some of the myths swirling around the 33 men rescued from the depths of the earth this week: He has no plans to write a book about what he endured in the San Jose mine he isn't going to sue anyone for the collapse and he intends to go back to working in the area's mines.Just not that one, Segovia says.All day Friday in the hardscrabble mining town of Paipote Segovia's family and neighbors ready the Segovia family home for his arrival from the nearby hospital. All 33 men underwent a barrage of medical testing to see how their record days of imprisonment underground had affected them mentally and physically. All but two miners were released from the hospital Friday and all the men are expected to make a full recovery.The Segovia family was particularly hard hit by the collapse. Two of the other trapped miners Esteban and Pablo Rojas are Segovia's cousins.Welcome home Victor Segovia, one neighbor said as she carried a handwritten sign greeting the miner into his home. "If God has given you a new life and chance grab on to it with everything you have."The family has received gifts. While Victor's brother Pedro Segovia waits under the scorching sun of Chile's Atacama desert he nervously toys with a brand new Sony media player. An anonymous gift left for the now famous miner.Pedro Segovia said his brother is tough and untouched by how close he came to dying in the dark recesses of the earth. "We missed him a lot Pedro Segovia said.

But for him its just like another shift. As if he worked for eight hours and came home.

If Segovia  has troubling memories of his long, forced stay in the mine, so far he hasn't shared them with his brother.

He'll tell me at some point Pedro Segovia said. What happened what he lived through."Inside the Segovia house are hints of how he passed the long weeks of eternal darkness. Two Chilean flags decorate a wall in a courtyard behind the Segovia's home. In carefully etched blue ink Victor drew a miner with a drill over a 33 on the white section of the flag.Below each miner wrote his name and put his signatures in ordered columns.For you with all my heart, Segovia wrote his mother Blanca. The flags were a gift for her 50th wedding anniversary and were delivered by way of the "paloma" tube system that sent food and letters to the men.He likes to play the guitar, accordion and organ, Blanca Segovia said with pride about her son who learned to play the instruments without any formal training. "We are going to have a nice party for him."But for the guest of honor just getting to the party will be almost as difficult as the previous legs of his journey. As the afternoon wears on more and more media trickle into the neighborhood. Tripods and cameras are posted like sentries in front of the Segovia home.It has all the makings of an ugly media scene. So photographers agree and shake hands that all will stay in a fixed line so everyone can get an unobstructed shot of Segovia's homecoming. But hours later as Segovia steps from a van a still photographer lurches forward and the plan is scrapped.Pushing against the wave of cameramen Chilean police nearly have to carry the miner into his family's home. One of the photographers gets into a showing match with an officer after the melee.As the party gets under way though clapping and joyous chants of "Chi Chi Chi Le Le Le los mineros de Chile can be heard from outside the house.

Then journalists still hanging around the house receive an invitation to come in and speak with the miner.

Segovia appeared understandably worn from his ordeal and the crush of media attention. As reporters ask him questions, he looks down. His voice is soft and his answers are clipped.

That was quite something he said simply of the August 5 mine collapse. That was something very ugly."He said he has been to Camp Hope where family members waited for the miners' rescue. "I don't need to go back he said.

Segovia said he missed his family terribly while in the mine. And, he said, he has become someone who thinks more about God."We were a team, he said of the 33 men. "But all the same there were problems. So much time together like any family the problems start but were ones we worked out."Other miners have told CNN that the 33 men swore an oath never to discuss the details of what took place as the men struggled to survive in the mine.Before he goes back to the party Segovia makes it clear he is not completely free of the mine.Down there you were always tired and didn't have any nightmares, he said. "Here you have nightmares until you realize you are out." (CNN)An Ohio man who authorities accuse of plotting to attack the U.S. Capitol appeared in a Cincinnati court Thursday and entered a plea of not guilty.Christopher Lee Cornell 20 has been charged with attempting to kill government employees solicitation to commit a crime and possession of a firearm.The first two charges are punishable by up to 20 years in prison while the third charge can carry a possible sentence of up to five years behind bars.Authorities say Cornell planned to set off bombs at the U.S. Capitol and then open fire on people as they fled.He came to the FBI's attention several months ago after posting about his support for violent jihad on social media according to a criminal complaint.The FBI launched an undercover operation with the help of a person who began cooperating in exchange for favorable treatment on his criminal exposure on an unrelated case.Cornell allegedly told that source he had been in contact with persons overseas and that he had aligned himself with ISIS.He did not think he would receive "specific authorization to conduct a terrorist attack in the United States but stated that he wanted to go forward with violent jihad and opined that this would be their way of supporting ISIL the complaint said, using another name for ISIS.

According to the complaint, Cornell wrote: I believe that we should just wage jihad under our own orders and plan attacks and everything. I believe we should meet up and make our own group in alliance with the Islamic State here and plan operations ourselves." LONDON England (CNN) -- A series of major international sporting events a weak currency and its perennially sunny perch on the tip of South Africa are making Cape Town one of the hottest sailing destinations of 2009.Lucky strike: The port city of Cape Town is set to benefit from several major sporting eventsThe Indian Premier League cricket tournament was recently relocated to South Africa because of security concerns and now Cape Town is slated to host the opening match on April 18.Both the Lions Tour rugby and the FIFA Confederations Cup football will follow the cricket tournament heading down to South Africa later this year.Combined with the arrival of the World Cup in 2010 South Africa has suddenly become the ultimate holiday spot for sports fans.Calvyn Gilfellan chief executive of Cape Town Routes Unlimited -- the region's tourism board -- told CNN the boost to the region had arrived at a crucial time.When the financial crisis started people went into gloom and doom but these events are helping a lot to restore confidence in the industry.

The fact that we have a positive exchange rate also helps us a lot as a destination he said.

But South Africa's government is so focused on ensuring the success of the upcoming games that it recently denied a visa to The Dalai Lama.

Critics contend that South Africa bowed to pressure from the Chinese government in refusing Tibet's spiritual leader entry to attend a peace conference that was partially intended to help promote the World Cup.

As the focus strengthens on these international events, the Cape Town region looks set to benefit more than many from the expected surge in tourism.

Gilfellan says this is largely due to the city's location.

We are lucky to be in such a wonderful spot. A lot of these events revolve around the marine industry and revolve around the harbor."This weekend harbor will play host to the Cape Town International Jazz Festival -- one of many upcoming festivals in the area.Cape Town's picturesque Victoria & Alfred Waterfront set against the backdrop of Table Mountain has become South Africa's most visited tourist attraction.Commodore of the Royal Cape Yacht Club (RCYC) John Martin told CNN the Cape Town port was used widely for business leisure and sports.As well as being the country's second biggest functioning port for trade the port played host to racing yachts in events such as the Volvo Ocean Race and the Clipper Round-the-world Challenge.We have several major yachting events that stop here and we are very proud of that.Martin said the popularity of the port means water space is "at a premium but there are hopes a new harbor and breakwater will be constructed in the next few years.

Still, Cape Town has the capacity to cater for foreign visitors on super-yachts and international cruise-liners.

Cape Town is a real focal point for refueling and repairs and it's also quite cheap here so people tend to stay for a while he said.

Gilfellan said she felt the surge of massive sporting events would undoubtedly have spin-off benefits for the marine industry.

The Indian Premier League Twenty20 cricket, which starts this month, had been tipped to go to England, but ultimately South Africa was chosen for its sunny weather. The tournament, which will feature 59 matches across six venues, will run from 18 April to 24 May

The 2009 British and Irish Lions tour officially kicks off on May 30 in Rustenberg. Matches will be held in Cape Town on June 13 and June 23.

The eight-team Confederations Cup runs from June 14-28, and will take place across four cities. The event marks the first time an African nation will host an international FIFA tournament.

The landmark event foreshadows the much-anticipated World Cup football tournament in June 2010, for which qualifying matches are currently being held.

Although that's still a year away -- there are signs that the excitement in South Africa is already palpable.

A new television commercial that began airing last month features Spain and Liverpool star, Fernando Torres, and Brazilian icon Kaka showing off their football skills.

The advertisement ends with Torres saying Ke Nako" which in South Africa's Sotho language means "it's time."It seems for Cape Town and the whole country -- this could not be more true.Mike Steere contributed to this report. Washington (CNN) -- An undercover investigation by the Federal Trade Commission found funeral homes nationwide deceived customers into making purchases they weren't required to make and failed to give up-front pricing to customers.Undercover FTC agents posing as customers found "significant violations" in 23 of the 102 funeral homes investigated according to the FTC.Operators violated key provisions of the "Funeral Rule a 1984 regulation the FTC put in place to prevent funeral home operators from forcing customers to buy caskets or any other item as a condition of paying for a funeral. Another provision of the rule requires funeral homes to provide an itemized price list during the first in-person funeral arrangement meeting.

Nationally, Richmond and Fredericksburg, Virginia had the highest number of funeral homes found with significant violations, according to the FTC's report. Eight of the 19 funeral homes investigated in the two cities committed significant violations. Columbia, South Carolina, was next with five significant violations out of 10 funeral homes inspected.

Thirty-three funeral homes had what the FTC called minor compliance issues. In those cases, the FTC contacted the funeral homes and required proof they were addressing violations.

The FTC gives funeral homes an opportunity to right their wrongs before they're hauled into court. A three-year program run by the National Funeral Directors Association gives participants extra training and additional compliance monitoring. Funeral homes that participate are allowed to make a payment to the U.S. Treasury in place of a civil penalty. Civil penalties can be up to $16,000 per violation, according to the FTC.

Jessica Koth of the National Funeral Directors Association says the NFDA takes compliance with the Funeral Rule seriously." Koth says the organization encourages members to meet all obligations.Since the annual undercover stings began in 1996 the FTC said investigators have found fewer than 400 funeral homes with significant violations. There are 19680 funeral homes in the United States according to the NFDA.FTC inspections during 2011 encountered varying levels of compliance:-- In northwestern Indiana one of 12 funeral homes inspected had significant violations;-- In Maui Hawaii none of the four funeral homes inspected had significant violations;-- In the New York City area as well as parts of Connecticut and New Jersey one of 22 funeral homes inspected had significant violations;-- In Cleveland four of 16 funeral homes inspected had significant violations;-- In Columbia South Carolina five significant violations were found in 10 funeral homes inspected;-- In Austin Texas four of 19 funeral homes inspected had significant violations;-- In Richmond and Fredericksburg Virginia eight of 19 funeral homes inspected had significant violations. (CNN) -- A most awkward and revealing situation has emerged in the heart of Europe forcing European governments to choose between their principles and their fears and drawing an uncomfortable gap between Europe's words and its actions.Last July a bus carrying tourists about to start their vacation suddenly exploded outside the airport in the Bulgarian city of Burgas. The bombing killed five Israelis -- including a pregnant woman -- and a Bulgarian driver. This week Bulgaria's foreign minister blamed  Hezbollah saying an investigation showed the attack was carried out by two members of the Iran-linked Lebanese organization. Hezbollah denied the accusation. But Bulgaria says it discovered strong links with "data showing the financing and connection between Hezbollah and the two suspects."The news shines a light on a most surprising fact: Hezbollah has been conducting business rather comfortably in much of Europe over the years openly raising money for its operations. Those operations according to countless investigations in a growing number of countries include plotting and attempting to kill tourists diplomats and others.Washington which labeled Hezbollah a terrorist organization in 1995 after a series of attacks in Lebanon and elsewhere that killed hundreds of Americans has been pressuring the European Union to do the same. But the EU has resisted. The "terrorist" designation is more than a symbolic label. The label would allow European authorities to freeze funds control the travel of Hezbollah operatives and otherwise do what it can to prevent more loss of life.The new secretary of state John Kerry urged the EU to "send an unequivocal message to this terrorist group" now that Hezbollah has been linked to an attack on European soil. American officials have told Europe that their inaction is "making it harder to defend our countries." U.S. officials accuse Iran and Hezbollah not only of conducting attacks against civilians around the world but also of actively supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's brutal repression at home in a conflict that has already left more than 60000 dead.Opinion: Why Obama is going to IsraelAccording to a new report from the Washington Institute for Near East Policy authorities in various countries have uncovered and disrupted nearly 30 different terror plots by Hezbollah or Iran's Quds Force an arm of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps in the last couple of years.But Europe incredibly continues to waver. EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton reacted to the news from Bulgaria with a clammy statement that there is a "need for reflection."Hezbollah operates in Lebanon as a powerful Shiite political party social services organization and an intimidating heavily-armed militia. It has strong support among the country's Shiite population and bitter opposition from Sunnis.EU officials say they fear destabilizing Lebanon a country perennial teetering on the edge of sectarian violence. They also worry about angering Hezbollah fearing attacks on European peacekeepers in Lebanon or terrorist attacks on European soil. Judging by recent events that particular outcome was not prevented by their timid approach.France in particular has resisted upsetting Hezbollah. Paris has taken the lead in fighting extremism in Africa sending troops against militants in Mali and declaring that it is committed to "a relentless struggle against terrorist groups." But it is somewhat less relentless when it comes to Hezbollah. The French take a special interest in protecting their influence in Lebanon a former colonial holding.A firm Western stance against the group however could strengthen Lebanon's struggling pro-Western opposition which blames Hezbollah for the assassination of many of its members including former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. A U.N. tribunal set up to investigate Hariri's 2005 assassination indicted four Hezbollah members.The pattern is well established. Argentinean prosecutors accused Hezbollah of carrying out and Iran of planning and financing the worst terrorist attack in that country the 1994 bombing of a Jewish Community Center which killed 85 and injured 300.Western experts generally agree with the assessment of the former U.S. homeland security secretary who describes Hezbollah as "the most potent terrorist organization in the world." The government of the Netherlands already declared it a terrorist group and Britain named its militant wing a terrorist entity as if it were separate from the rest of the organization.It is funded by Iran and closely coordinates its moves with Tehran. Over the years it has been accused of carrying out attacks throughout the world often in collaboration with Iran. In recent months as tensions have risen between Iran on one side and Israel and the West on the other Tehran and its Lebanese ally have stepped up their activities to a feverish pace targeting Israelis diplomats and tourists in India Cyprus Thailand and elsewhere. Hezbollah and Iran were linked to a plot to kill the Saudi Ambassador in Washington.Hezbollah's protective ally Iran is enduring harsh economic sanctions from the West over its controversial nuclear program and a number of Iranian nuclear scientists have been assassinated as have a few key figures in the Hezbollah hierarchy. The circumstances of these assassinations have all been murky but there is nothing vague about the bombing of buses full of tourists. By any definition of the word it qualifies as terrorism. And clearly the question is not just symbolic.Europe is letting Hezbollah operate on its soil. By some counts there are 950 Hezbollah-affiliated individuals in Germany alone.Europe wants to treat Hezbollah as a legitimate political organization but the group's actions place it squarely outside the realm of legitimacy. As long as Europe closes its eyes to this reality and allows the group to organize fundraise and hold meetings it is guilty not only of hypocrisy but also of passive complicity in Hezbollah's attacks on innocent civilians.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis NEW YORK (CNN) -- Two former New York Police Department detectives were sentenced to life in prison without parole Friday for operating as Mafia hit men while employed by the NYPD.Louis Eppolito 60 and Stephen Caracappa 67 who spent a combined 44 years on the force and once worked as partners were found guilty in April 2006 of engaging in racketeering.According to prosecutors they were paid $4000 a month by the Mafia and were personally paid $65000 by Luchese crime family underboss Anthony "Gaspipe" Casso for killing another mobster during a phony traffic stop. Authorities said Casso regarded the officers as his "crystal ball likely referring to their alleged involvement in relaying classified information to the Luchese family.

Eppolito and Caracappa, who reiterated their innocence at Friday's sentencing, were found guilty of participating in or aiding eight murders, two attempted murders and one murder conspiracy, as well as witness tampering, witness retaliation, obstruction of justice, money laundering and drug charges.

Eppolito was sentenced to life in prison plus 100 years, while Caracappa received life in prison plus 80 years. They were also fined a combined $4 million.

The sentences imposed today bring some measure of closure for the families of the victims of these defendants' unspeakable crimes and for the citizens of the city whose trust these men betrayed U.S. Attorney Benton J. Campbell said in a news release. We are gratified that the defendants will spend the rest of their lives behind bars."Eppolito who grew up in a Mafia family wrote the book "Mafia Cop in which he described how he turned away from the family business" to become what he said was one of the police department's most decorated officers. He also had small roles in several films including the role of Fat Andy in the 1990 mob film "Goodfellas."Caracappa was a member of the NYPD's Organized Crime Homicide Unit which he helped create. (CNN) -- Chrysler says it will recall 630000 newer model Jeeps worldwide to fix a software glitch in its side airbag and seat belt mechanism and transmission fluid leak problems. No accidents or injuries happened because of these defects. But it refuses to recall 2.7 million older Jeep models with a fire hazard that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says caused more than 50 people to burn to death.Chrysler's refusal to comply with the highway administration's request to recall 2.7 million 1993 to 2004 Cherokee and 2002 to 2007 Liberty models puts profits over safety putting people who ride in them everyday at risk of their car being hit from behind and going up in flames.These modern day Pintos for soccer moms have been involved in 37 rear-impact fatal fire crashes. Fifty-one people burned to death in those crashes according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Compare that with the Ford Pinto: 26 people died in Pinto rear impact fires before it was recalled in 1978.A recall would cost Chrysler no more $300 million to fix the problems and return the SUVs. Chrysler would not exist today but for a $10 billion bailout loan from the U.S. government. As a return for the bailout Chrysler should spend a fraction of that to recall the Jeeps. The refusal to recall these rolling firebombs is an insult to American tax payers and Chrysler's Jeep customers.The Grand Cherokee is 21 times more likely to be involved in a fatal rear impact crash in which fire is the cause of death than its biggest competitor the Ford Explorer. The Jeep crashes in which people died in fires were readily survivable crashes. A rear impact crash at 70 mph in a vehicle similar in size to these Jeeps is no more severe than that of a front barrier crash at 35 mph performed in the traffic administration's 5-Star Safety Ratings. Large seat backs spread the force of the crash better than small airbags making 80 mph rear impacts survivable.But a car crashing into the rear of these Jeeps can rupture their fuel tanks at speeds less than the 50 mph rear-impact standard. The Center for Auto Safety conducted a 40 mph rear impact crash test of a 1996 Grand Cherokee in which the Jeep's tank ruptured and spilled all the fuel. The 50 mph standard has 35% more energy than the Center's 40 mph test.The Grand Cherokee and Liberty fuel tanks hang lower than the rear bumper so they are particularly vulnerable to low-speed hits from vehicles that are lower to the ground. Many low-profile cars have sloping front ends that can directly hit the tank. Even 10 mph rear impacts crush the not-so-protective brush guard.In 1978 Chrysler engineers cited the safety benefits of placing the fuel tank in front of the rear axle and noted that placing the fuel tank behind the rear axle in SUVs may require a shield because of bumper mismatch.Chrysler moved the fuel tank in front of the rear axle in the 2005 Grand Cherokee and in the 2008 Liberty. There has not been a single fire death in a rear impact of the newer Jeeps with the more protected fuel tank location in all the years since.The devastating effect of the fire defects in these Jeep models is that children riding in the back of Jeeps have been killed and injured. Chrysler sold these Jeeps as family vehicles. Parents put their kids in child seats in the back because that's safer. Tragically children have been trapped in the seats and suffered horrible burns and deaths because they could be pulled out in time.Fiat CEO John Elkann -- Chrysler is a subsidiary of Fiat -- and Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne are good people with families who should respond to the tragic deaths of their customers and could order a recall today. They owe it to the American public.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clarence Ditlow. (CNN) -- The final of the European Champions League will see two of the continent's giant clubs meet in the Estadio Santiago Bernabeu in Madrid in a battle to decide the champions of the most lucrative competition in world soccer.The match which takes place on 22 May will also pitch two heavyweight coaches against one another in the shape of Portugal's Jose Mourinho and Holland's Louis Van Gaal.Mourinho who won the European Cup with Porto in 2004 is hoping to cap a treble for the Nerazzurri after already wrapping up the Italian title and domestic cup prior to the game.Bayern are also looking to seal the capture of three pieces of silverware for the campaign after beating Schalke to the Bundesliga title and also having won their domestic cup. Check out our profiles of the two coaches by clicking the links in the photo gallery above.Can Mourinho beat Van Gaal to become king of Europe?The match will also see some of the greatest players in the world -- Arjen Robben Samuel Eto'o Bastian Schweinsteiger and Lucio among them -- vie for the most lucrative title in club football before jetting off to South Africa to take part in the 2010 World Cup.CNN will have all the build up to the big match with Pedro Pinto and Alex Thomas hosting a special half-hour preview program on CNN International at 1800 GMT.Your can also have your say on which coach you think will emerge as the new king of Europe by adding your comment to the blog. Editor's note: Donna Rose is a speaker and advocate for transgender and transsexual issues. She is the author of a memoir "Wrapped In Blue: A Journey of Self-Discovery." Her Web site is http://www.donnarose.com/Donna Rose says transgender people don't fit the stereotypes society often tries to impose.(CNN) -- It was only a matter of time. The real-life drama of being transsexual has come to Hollywood. Chastity Bono the impossibly cute little blond girl who for many of my generation remains frozen in time as the sweet chubby-faced cherub closing many a Sonny and Cher show in the arms of her doting parents recently announced that he is transsexual and will be transitioning from female to male. He will go by the name of Chaz.As shocking as this news may be to some it is yet another reminder that all is not necessarily as it appears and that each of us is more complicated than simply the skin and bones of our bodies. Rather it is our heart and spirit that defines us.Transgender people -- that is people who may not experience or express their gender in ways that are necessarily typical for the physical sex of their body -- have been part of the fabric of cultures for as long as history has been recorded.We're a cross-section of society -- pilots engineers doctors factory workers artisans and pretty much anything else you can imagine. It was only a matter of time before we came to Hollywood. Make no mistake -- Chaz isn't the first and certainly won't be the last.Despite what others choose to believe transsexual people are no longer relegated to hiding in safe little shadows for fear that society will detect them and punish them. We are far more than traditional stereotypes of transpeople as hookers drug-users porn stars or social misfits relegated to the fringes of society.In a very real sense transgender people are no one thing. We are everyone everywhere. Whether you realize it or not we go to your school we are active in your communities of faith we are your neighbors your co-workers your family members.We live in a world that tries to force all of us to conform to the expectations and roles established for our bodies at birth yet our heart and our spirit often realize that we have been miscast in life. We are forced to ask questions of ourselves about things that few ever consider.The search for answers is indeed the pathway for overall happiness and fulfillment in life. This is a journey that each of us is on -- trans and not -- and the simple fact of the matter is that the transgender journey may appear unique but the end goal is a universal one: Happiness.Needless to say there are those who continue to live in a world where "different" somehow automatically means bad or is a threat. These are people who would keep transgender people trapped in stigmas of mental illness moral weakness sexual perversion and general societal freakishness.Our defense is a simple one: We prove who we are individually and collectively not with words but with the courage to come out and the ability to live our lives with dignity and grace.It may come as a surprise for many people in this country to recognize that many of us who are transsexual are not embarrassed ashamed or otherwise apologetic of who or what we are. We refuse to go back into the stifling closet of trying to be something we're not.We enjoy each and every day being unique as men and women and everything in between and we rejoice in our diversity rather than fear it. The ties that bind us are far more than the obvious connections of gender. They are bonds of courage authenticity integrity and pride.This is not a journey about surgery. It is not a journey about being "fixed." It's not about the clothes. It's not about sexuality or hormones or any other single thing. It is a journey of self full of uplifting revelations and heartbreaking realizations.A major point on that journey is gaining a sense of self-awareness and self-acceptance. Chaz's recent announcement indicates that he has reached that point and is well on his way to be who he will become.Chaz will face hurdles. It may come as a surprise to some that it is still legal to fire someone in this country or to deny housing simply because they come out as transgender.Transgender people are victimized by crime more frequently than the general population. Many of us find ourselves unemployed and unable to be hired for jobs for which we are well qualified simply because we are transgender. And as harsh as this life can be for us many previous generations had it even worse. Things are changing -- slowly but surely.Why are they changing? Because transgender people are here to stay. We've been here all along and we're finally acknowledging that our unique journey is part of who we are but not ALL of who we are. Chaz is a courageous brother. He is a role model to others struggling with similar issues and questions. He is someone who has taken control of his life and intends to live it to the fullest. These are not things to fear. These are things to admire.The message here is not one of our bodies but one of our spirits. It is not one of becoming something you're not; it is of accepting what you are. As French writer Andre Gide said: "It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you're not." Many of us have experienced these words first-hand and know them to be true. Chaz knows who and what he is. That is not something to fear. That is something to celebrate.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Rose. Mexico City (CNN) -- The runner-up in Mexico's presidential election said Friday he still won't accept a vote count even after the country's electoral tribunal upheld the legality of the election and officially declared Enrique Pena Nieto as the winner.Leftist candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has not conceded the July 1 election citing allegations of electoral fraud by the victorious Institutional Revolutionary Party known as the PRI.The electoral tribunal on Thursday rejected a demand by Lopez Obrador's coalition the Progressive Movement of Mexico to invalidate the presidential election which he lost by 6 percentage points. On Friday it validated the final results officially naming Pena Nieto as president-elect.The elections were not clean or free or authentic. As such, I will not recognize the illegitimate power that came from vote-buying and other grave violations of the constitution and the laws, Lopez Obrador said.The candidate called on his followers to demonstrate in Mexico City's historical square the Zocalo on September 9.Lopez Obrador narrowly lost another presidential race in 2006. Back then he refused to recognize the new government and called his supporters into the streets. He went on a national tour where he drummed up support calling himself the "legitimate president of Mexico."It was unclear if he would call for similar demonstrations now.In a unanimous decision announced Thursday the electoral tribunal ruled that the demand to invalidate the election was "unfounded."The tribunal found that the leftist coalition that brought the charges didn't prove any constitutional violations and didn't show that the process wasn't free and fair.Critics of the process said the irregularities included illegal campaign spending secretive financing and coercion of voters.Read more: Vote-buying allegations persist after Mexican electionWhen the allegations surfaced immediately after the vote election officials recounted the votes in more than half of the ballot boxes individually.Among the bigger controversies were allegations that PRI campaigners passed out hundreds of supermarket gift cards in exchange for votes.The electoral tribunal said that the coalition could prove only that PRI officials gave the cards to supporters and not to the general public in exchange for votes.Pena Nieto is expected to be sworn in on December 1.CNNMexico's Belen Zapata and Tania Montalvo contributed to this report. (CNN) -- U.S soccer star Robbie Rogers has "come out" as gay on the day he retired from the game Friday.The former Columbus Crew winger represented America on 18 occasions including at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.But Rogers who was released from his deal by second-tier club Leeds United last summer before taking up a spot with third-tier Stevenage revealed on his blog that he is homosexual and keen to seek a life away from football.Secrets can cause so much internal damage, Rogers wrote on his blog.People love to preach about honesty, how honesty is so plain and simple. Try explaining to your loved ones after 25 years you are gay.

Try convincing yourself that your creator has the most wonderful purpose for you even though you were taught differently.I always thought I could hide this secret. Football was my escape, my purpose, my identity. Football hid my secret, gave me more joy than I could have ever imagined.

Soccer's last taboo: Why gay players stay in the closet

I will always be thankful for my career. I will remember Beijing The MLS Cup and most of all my teammates. I will never forget the friends I have made a long the way and the friends that supported me once they knew my secret.Now is my time to step away. It's time to discover myself away from football. It's 1 A.M. in London as I write this and I could not be happier with my decision.

Life is so full of amazing things. I realized I could only truly enjoy my life once I was honest.Honesty is a b**** but makes life so simple and clear. My secret is gone, I am a free man, I can move on and live my life as my creator intended.Rogers' announcement has seen former teammates flock to show their support with U.S. international defender Oguchi Onyewu tweeting: "Extremely proud of the courage from @robbierogers. Truth is not always easy to display but truly strong people always find a way #RESPECT"U.S. midfielder Stuart Holden added on Twitter: "Much love and respect to my boy @robbierogers ! Proud to be your friend bro."Rogers' retirement means there are still no openly gay players participating in professional football in Europe with the exception of Swedish-based Anton Hysen.'Brave' cricketer Davies reveals he is gayIt was hoped that Hysen's coming out which attracted headlines the world over in March 2011 would pave the way for other gay footballers to take similar steps.But not since the tragic loss of Justin Fashanu has a top-flight league witnessed an openly gay professional football player.Fashanu who committed suicide in 1998 became the first £1 million black player in the history of English football when he signed for Nottingham Forest in 1981.While at Forest constant rumors and speculation surrounded his private life with concocted allegations of affairs with Conservative MPs.Thomas relief after admitting he is gayWith the rumors continuing throughout his career he finally came out in 1990 and continued to play for a whole host of lower league clubs.You have to understand, he said in an interview before his death "that footballers are very narrow minded people. It's the nature of the business. When you put yourself in the firing line you are open to attack. I know I'm there to be shot down in flames."Following his passing one particular group of fans would recite the chant: "He's gay he's dead he's hanging in a shed Fashanu Fashanu."Expert: Use gay slurs controversy to tackle homophobia in sportsWhile there has been huge progress since those dark days the presence of homophobia in football has not been extinguished.Only this week police launched an investigation into allegations that a Blackburn Rovers footballer made homophobic gestures towards Brighton fans during an English second division match.View: Hi-res gallery of openly gay athletesBrighton which is situated on the south coast has a large gay population and its fans are often targeted with homophobic chants.I think there's a big culture shift needed within football from the grassroots to the top of the game, Louise Englefield of FootballvHomophobia told CNNThe top of the game is a symptom of a much wider issue about lack of awareness and ignorance around the ability of gay men to participate and excel at football

When you've got a lack of gay players at the top level then it's easy for that environment to be quite negative.I imagine there are players who are reticent to come out.Opinion: Why the fuss about gay marriage?While other sports have embraced their gay stars such as John Amaechi in basketball Martina Navratilova in tennis and Gareth Thomas in rugby football has yet to move with the times.Off the field the UK Parliament backed a bill to legalize gay marriage earlier this month as society continues to move forward.And while football has yet to move with the times progress is being made.Premier League and Football League clubs in the UK have created several initiatives to combat homophobia working alongside charities such as HvF.Within football, people don't understand the seriousness of homophobia, added Englefield.The things fans shout at players, they believe it's not hurting them and they don't care if they're gay or not.

Homophobia is used to put players down and it's a way of deriding players. That's cultural all the way through football and happens in other sports.When a player gives a pass away or falls over, fans use homophobia abuse to put them down and it's that which we want to stop.

One of our key things is changing chanting in the stadium. Stop and think before you chant."Liverpool youngster Suso fined for calling teammate 'gay'A particular success story in England has been the creation of the GFSN Gay National League where "gay friendly" teams compete on a regular basis.Rogers' story has been met with admiration from fellow gay football players but his retirement from the game means that the community is still waiting for a player to come out and continue playing.The great pity with Robbie is that he felt it was an 'either or choice,'  Scott Lawley who plays for Nottingham Ball Bois in the GFSN Gay National League told CNN.Reading his blog, it felt as if he thought he had no choice but to quit football if he wanted come out.

He could have easily retired without coming out but he's been very brave and hopefully set us in the right direction.He hasn't forced us to the point where a gay man runs out in front of 30,000 people to play football

And the fact that no professional player has come out in recent years means there are still issues to deal with.But we will come to that day when we do have openly gay players in the top divisions and we're moving in the right direction. Kabul Afghanistan (CNN) -- In what is seen as a bow to international pressure to delay implementation of a ban on private security contractors the Afghan government said Wednesday it will form a committee to plan the phasing out of those contractors without endangering development projects.The committee is to be led by Afghanistan's minister of interior and will include representatives from NATO the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force and major international donors. It will "develop plans for the disbandment of the PCSs that provide security for development projects and report on progress to the president the Afghan government said in a written statement.

It said the phasing out of illegal" security contractors and road convoy security companies "continues on a priority basis as laid out in the decree."The committee will prepare a timetable for the dissolution of contractors protecting development projects and submit it to President Hamid Karzai by November 15 the Afghan government said. "Once approved 90 days max will be given to each organization before [the] designated dissolution date. Following the completion of [the] plan's implementation the government of Afghanistan will assume responsibility for providing necessary security for development and reconstruction projects."The committee will examine development and aid companies and develop plans for them to shift to government security Interior Minister Bismillah Khan Mohammadi said at a news conference. Convoys run by private security companies will also have to transition he said.This is a very serious matter for the government of Afghanistan, Karl Eikenberry U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan told journalists. "This is a fundamental issue for the people of Afghanistan for President Karzai. This is about the exercise of sovereignty within this country. It's about the monopoly of the use of force. It's about having the responsibility for and having authority over any armed elements in this country."The announcement was welcomed by the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan which issued a statement saying it supports the "principled stand" of Karzai's government regarding the proposed ban.We are committed to implementation of this decree with a fixed timetable and accept that the international community must respond promptly to President Karzai's long-standing concerns about the conduct of private security companies, the U.N. mission said.Eikenberry said earlier in a statement the United States "strongly endorses" the United Nations' position.We will continue to work on a priority basis and in a spirit of partnership with the Afghan government and international partners to support successful implementation of the decree in a manner that increases Afghan security, strengthens sovereignty and leadership and ensures the continuous predictable delivery of critical international development assistance, he said.The United States had previously expressed concern about Karzai's pledge to phase out the country's 52 private security companies by year's end saying that if implemented the move would leave critical aid personnel unprotected and unable to continue their work.The United States has been negotiating with the Afghan government over such protection and had been asking for clarification on which contractors would be allowed to remain in the country and under what conditions they could operate.Earlier this month the Afghan government clarified exceptions to the proposed ban saying that firms offering protection to embassies and foreign diplomats would be allowed to continue to operate. The decision "addressed the concerns of NATO and foreign embassies regarding the private security companies' dissolving process a statement from Karzai's office said.

However, it said that other private security companies not engaged in that work are a strong threat for the national security and national sovereignty of the country" and that their dissolution would continue as planned. (CNN) -- Fearing that flocks of unmanned aircraft might soon traverse U.S. skies the Federal Aviation Administration on Friday quickly appealed a judge's ruling that the agency does not have the authority to regulate commercial drones.The case involves Raphael Pirker a drone enthusiast fined $10000 by the FAA for using his 56-inch foam glider to take promotional videos of the University of Virginia Medical Center.The FAA said Pirker's flight ran afoul of its strict rules governing the commercial use of drones.On Friday less than 24 hours after losing its case the FAA said it was appealing the decision by Patrick Geraghty an administrative law judge with the National Transportation Safety Board.The agency is concerned that this decision could impact ... the safety of people and property on the ground, the FAA said in a statement.Geraghty said FAA regulations approved for manned aircraft did not apply to unmanned aircraft any more than they applied to paper airplanes or balsa wood planes.Pirker's attorney Brendan Schulman called it "a tremendously significant decision for model aircraft and commercial drone operators."As a general matter, the decision finds that the FAA's 2007 policy statement banning the commercial use of model aircraft is not enforceable. It would appear to me to have a very significant impact on other operators, Schulman said.But the decision confounded the FAA which as recently as last week had publicized its restrictions on commercial use of drones.In a press release headlined "Busting Myths about the FAA and Unmanned Aircraft it stressed that UAS enthusiasts could not use drones for commercial purposes.

A commercial flight requires a certified aircraft a licensed pilot and operating approval. To date only one operation has met these criteria using Insitu's ScanEagle and authorization was limited to the Arctic the FAA's Busting Myths release said.

There are no shades of gray in FAA regulations the FAA continued. Anyone who wants to fly an aircraft-manned or unmanned-in U.S. airspace needs some level of FAA approval."The flight that got Pirker in trouble occurred October 17 2011 when he remotely piloted a $130 RiteWing Zephyr II aircraft at the campus medical center.The FAA investigated and the following April it proposed a $10000 civil penalty saying that Pirker operated the plane "in a careless or reckless manner so as to endanger the life or property of another."Pirker operated the aircraft within about 50 feet of numerous individuals about 20 feet of a crowded street and within approximately 100 feet of an active heliport at UVA the FAA alleged. One person had to take "evasive measures" to avoid being struck by the aircraft the agency said.Pirker appealed the case to the NTSB where the case went before Geraghty. The FAA is appealing the matter to the full safety board. Havana Cuba (CNN) -- Cuba's Fidel Castro on Tuesday said he would publish a new book in August on the fighting more than 50 years ago between his ragtag rebels and the 10000-strong army under former dictator Fulgencio Batista.In an essay published Tuesday on the state-run website www.cubadebate.cu Castro said the book will be called "The Strategic Victory."I didn't know whether to call it 'Batista's Last Offensive' or 'How 300 Defeated 10,000,' which would sound like a science fiction story, he said.Castro said the 25 chapters contain photos maps and illustrations of the weapons used during a series of battles that lasted 74 days in 1958 and paved the way for his bearded revolutionaries to declare victory on January 1 1959.The enemy suffered more than 1,000 losses, more than 300 of them deaths and 443 taken prisoner, he wrote.Castro went on to rule Cuba for 47 years until he was sidelined by illness in 2006. He has spent most of the last four years in seclusion writing frequent essays called "Reflections of Comrade Fidel" for state-run media.In recent weeks he has re-emerged on the public stage making seven public appearances.On Monday Cuba celebrated the 57th anniversary of the launching of Castro's Revolution. He failed to appear at that event in central Cuba despite high expectations but he paid tribute at a small ceremony in Havana to the rebels who were killed.Castro also held lengthy talks with a group of artists. Both events were later broadcast on state TV.Castro said he would now start work on a book covering the second half of the fighting called "The Final Strategic Counteroffensive." Vancouver British Columbia (CNN) -- The tragic death of a trainer at Sea World last week revived a number of long simmering questions. While we still grapple with "how did this happen?" the central question for many revolves around the role of large mammals -- like Tilikum the killer whale -- in zoos and aquariums: Should they be there or not?Animals in zoos aquariums and museums play an important and powerful part in our cultural and formal educational processes. Humans are inherently interested in nature. We are not very far removed from a time when being knowledgeable about nature was vital to life; you either knew how to find your dinner or you were dinner.Today with well over 50 percent of our populations living in cities we are rapidly becoming divorced from the realities of the animal world. The dialogue we see in the media read on blogs and hear in conversation makes it clear that many people have lots of ideas about what's happening in our natural world much of it not correct.This lack of knowledge is concerning in a world beset by environmental problems where species are disappearing at an alarming rate. We need people to understand the changes taking place in our natural systems and appreciate that each of our actions has an impact. More interest and knowledge not less is essential.Zoos and aquariums provide access and a vital connection to the world of wildlife and our environment helping to foster an understanding of nature and how it works and an appreciation for why it matters.Most professionally operated zoos and aquariums such as those accredited by the Canadian or American Associations of Zoos and Aquariums are dedicated to increasing engagement and raising awareness and participation in conservation issues. They conduct active programs that aid species survival research and conservation both at their public display facilities and in the field.The Vancouver Aquarium has operated our Marine Mammal Rescue (MMR) program since the mid 1960s. Each year hundreds of marine mammals are rescued from situations of distress and rehabilitated by our dedicated team of staff and volunteers led by our veterinarian. Their goal is to return marine mammals to good health so they can be released back to the ocean.The Vancouver Aquarium has not had killer whales on exhibit since 2001. However our orca research continues in the field with experts working off the British Columbia coast to observe and study social interaction behaviors migrations and feeding patterns.We do have beluga whales including two calves born recently. Belugas are ideally suited to an aquarium environment. The calves' births have allowed researchers to study the social structure of a beluga family and in collaboration with the University of British Columbia we have conducted beluga vocalization studies since 2002 to understand contact calls and other forms of communication between these beautiful and communicative animals.As our visitors see beluga whales and learn about their communication natural history and the challenges they face due to climate change in the Arctic a unique chain is created moving from initial amazement of observing these creatures to the inspiration to care about them and finally to take action in large or small ways to protect their future by conserving their natural environment.We see our role as more important now than ever before. The time of simply displaying animals merely as curiosities is thankfully over.Our aquarium and many others like it represents often the only -- and the best -- opportunity for urbanites (particularly youth) to establish a connection with the natural world of animals. Sadly many of us will never experience the joy and wonder of encountering animals in their natural habitat. But can get learn about them up close and personal in a modern and reputable aquarium or zoo.If you have had the good fortune to spend time in such an institution and have seen the sense of awe and wonder on the faces of youngsters meeting a sea otter for example for the first time you'll know what this is all about.What's more having access to and learning about Tilikum and other whales in aquariums and marine parks since such amazing creatures were first displayed in the mid-1960s has totally changed people's perceptions about them.Before then killer whales were feared termed "wolves of the sea" and even had a bounty on their heads in some places; being able to see them personally helped spark people's curiosity and interest. The resulting change in public perception was dramatic and swift leading to their protection by the U.S. government in the 1970s under the Marine Mammal Protection Act.Today most people revere killer whales and understand a great deal more about the challenges this species faces around the world -- with overfishing depleting their food supply the impacts of climate change and pollution threatening their environment and their ultimate survival.With so many changes confronting nature and the animals that make it their home human understanding and appreciation is critical. Animals that people are privileged to see in professional zoos aquariums and similar institutions are vital to engagement inspiration and conservation.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. John Nightingale. Baghdad (CNN) -- Violence across Iraq has claimed nine lives in the past two days officials with the nation's interior ministry said Monday.Gunmen killed Arkan Yaqoub a Christian citizen who was shot dead along with his driver by gunmen as they were driving in central Mosul on Monday morning said ministry officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because of security concerns and because they are not authorized to talk to the media.Yaqoub was the deputy director of the state cement factory in Mosul. The motive behind his killing was unknown but many Iraqi Christians have been targeted since 2004 by Sunni extremist groups prompting many to flee the country.In Saqlawaiya about 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of Falluja two civilians were shot to death by gunmen Monday morning. The two were driving in a car when gunmen intercepted the vehicle on a highway the officials said. The motive was unknown.In northeastern Baghdad's al-Shaab neighborhood a roadside bomb exploded near a minibus Monday killing one civilian and wounding five others the officials said. Elsewhere a police officer at al-Kadhimiya civic court died when a bomb attached to his car exploded in the Saba al-Boor district of northern Baghdad.On Sunday an Iraqi servicemember and a firefighter died when they responded to the scene of a roadside bombing. The bombing targeted a liquor store in the Abu Ghraib area of western Baghdad and set the building ablaze. When the servicemember and firefighter responded another roadside bomb exploded. Six people were wounded.There have been at least 20 such bombings at liquor stores across Baghdad since the beginning of March when the Iraqi government decided to reopen liquor stores and bars in the capital city. They had been closed for four months. The interior ministry officials said Sunni and Shiite extremists are believed to be behind the attacks.In the al-Taji district in Baghdad's northern outskirts an Iraqi police officer was shot by gunmen while driving in a car Sunday afternoon the officials said.Atheel al-Nujaifi Mosul's governor escaped a roadside bombing unharmed Monday morning. He was driving to Baghdad in a convoy consisting of six vehicles when a roadside bomb exploded at one of the vehicles. One of al-Nujaifi's bodyguards was wounded the interior ministry officials said. The incident occurred about 110 kilometers (68 miles) south of Mosul.Others were wounded in attacks interior ministry officials said. Five civilians were wounded in a roadside bombing in eastern Baghdad on Monday and two employees of a security company were wounded in another roadside bombing in southeastern Baghdad. On Sunday a police lieutenant was wounded when a bomb attached to his car exploded.Overall violence in Iraq is down considerably from its peak between 205 and 2007. However assassinations gunfire and bombs remain regular occurrences. San Diego California (CNN) -- Nearly six years ago I left Texas to move back home to California.I must have been the only one. U.S. Census Bureau data released this week confirm that during the last decade the tide was definitely going the other way.The Lone Star State was the undisputed winner in the 2010 population sweepstakes. Its prize: more congressional seats awarded through reapportionment than any other state. Texas added four House seats and increased its number of electoral votes to 38. That will be second only to California which has 55 electoral votes.California which grew rapidly through the 20th century only increased at the national average in the past 10 years. It didn't add any House seats this year.The other winners in the census lottery include Florida which picked up two new seats in Congress. Arizona Georgia Nevada Utah South Carolina and Washington all picked up one extra seat. It is a much bleaker story in Ohio New York Pennsylvania Illinois Iowa Michigan and Massachusetts which lost seats.Why did you move -- or stay -- in the last few years? Tell us on iReport!It makes for quite a sea change. We are seeing the transfer of influence and prominence away from what has long been considered the power corridor of Boston Washington and New York and toward the Sunbelt.Texas is the buckle in that belt. If you want to catch a glimpse of the future you don't go to Alexandria or Syracuse or Worcester. You go to Austin Houston or San Antonio.A generation or two ago Americans left the Northeast and headed west to California in search of the Pacific milder climate bountiful farmland and a spirit of tolerance. Now they're still leaving the Northeast -- but also leaving California -- to head to Texas in pursuit of lower taxes less government regulation lower home prices and a spirit of independence.I have plenty of friends and family in Texas and they have good reason to celebrate this holiday season. After all this is a place that is used to coming in second. Texas is the second-largest state in area behind Alaska. And it's the second-most populous state next to California. But in terms of population growth it's second to none.Texas is a beautiful and extremely livable state with scenic vistas and hospitable people. But somewhere in its bloodstream there is an inferiority complex. It's just as well that my friends in Dallas can fly to Los Angeles or New York in just a few hours because the city is always aspiring to be thought of as being sophisticated as Los Angeles and New York.While some pundits are saying that this population shift to the Southwest is good news for Republicans I'm not so sure that's true.Texas is still a red state but there is some evidence that it's trending purple. Election results confirm that Dallas County and Harris County which includes Houston are home to more Democrats than they used to be. There is still a lot of red in the panhandle and western Texas to be sure.But demographics don't lie. You can't talk honestly about population growth in Texas without acknowledging two things.First much of it is coming from transplants from blue states such as California. They are packing up preformed liberal tendencies and taking them into the land of the blue bonnets. According to The Dallas Morning News an average of 80000 Californians moved to Texas each year from 2006 to 2008.Second much of the rest of Texas' population growth is tied to the phenomenal increase in the Hispanic population. That's another subset that tends to lean left politically. According to Bill Frey a demographer with the Brookings Institution Hispanics made up more than half the new arrivals to Texas. The same goes for Arizona Florida and Nevada.That's not surprising. The larger story likely to come out of the 2010 census is that the Hispanic population is exploding.The data showing the racial/ethnic breakdown of the U.S. population won't be released until February. But already there is reasonable speculation that the Hispanic population could be somewhere in the neighborhood of 60 million or about 19 percent of the total U.S. population which is now 308.7 million. And in Texas Hispanics will likely account for nearly 40 percent of the state's population.There is no question that as a result of the population shifts of the past 10 years Texas and states out West are coming into their own and will have more power and influence to steer a new course for the country. But who will these states be steered by? Whom do you think?Welcome to the new America. Or should I say "Bienvenidos?"The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. Orlando Florida (CNN) -- A whale trainer at SeaWorld died from "multiple traumatic injuries and drowning" after a 12000-pound killer whale grabbed her ponytail and pulled her underwater in front of shocked onlookers at Shamu Stadium the Orange County Sheriff's office said Thursday.Dawn Brancheau 40 was "pulled underwater for an extended period of time by the whale, Chuck Tompkins, SeaWorld's curator of zoological operations, told CNN's American Morning."The county medical examiner ruled Brancheau "most likely died from multiple traumatic injuries and drowning after one of the park's killer whales pulled her into a pool behind Shamu Stadium the sheriff's office said in a statement.

The statement confirms Tompkins' account, saying that Brancheau was interacting with the whale, named Tilikum, in knee-deep water when the animal grabbed her by the hair said to be in a long ponytail and pulled her underwater."Rescuers were not immediately able to reach Brancheau because of the "whale's aggressive nature the sheriff's office said. She was recovered by SeaWorld staff members after Tilikum was coaxed into a smaller pool and lifted out of the water by a large platform on the bottom of the smaller tank, authorities said.

WESH: Watch tourist's video seconds before whale attack

While this incident remains the subject of an ongoing death investigation there are no signs of foul play the sheriff's statement said. All evidence and witness statements indicate that the death was a tragic accident."Earlier accounts varied on how Brancheau ended up in the tank.A witness told CNN affiliate WKMG-TV that the whale approached the glass side of the 35-foot-deep tank at Shamu Stadium jumped up and grabbed Brancheau by her waist shaking her so violently that her shoe came off. A SeaWorld employee who asked not to be identified described the incident the same way.Orange County Sheriff's Office spokesman Jim Solomons said Brancheau slipped into the tank.Tilikum has been linked to two other deaths. He and two other whales were involved in the drowning of a trainer at a Victoria British Columbia marine park in 1991. The trainer fell into the whale tank at the Sea Land Marine Park Victoria and was dragged underwater as park visitors watched.In 1999 Tilikum was blamed for the death of a 27-year-old man whose body was found floating in a tank at SeaWorld the apparent victim of a whale's "horseplay authorities said then.

The Orange County Sheriff's Office said the man apparently hid in the park until after it closed, then climbed into the tank.

The 22-foot-long whale was not accustomed to people being in his tank" and "wouldn't have realized he was dealing with a very fragile human being Solomons said at the time.

iReport: Photo taken moments before Sea World incident

Because of Tilikum's history, as well as his size, trainers did not get into the water with him, Tompkins told CNN. Specific procedures were in place for working with him, he said, although obviously we need to evaluate those protocols."He's just a really, really large animal, Tompkins said noting that female killer whales weigh 6000 pounds -- half of Tilikum's weight. "Just because of his size alone it would be dangerous to get in the water with him." But the whale's previous incidents were also taken into account he said.Tompkins pointed out that the 1991 incident occurred before SeaWorld owned Tilikum and that no one is sure what took place in the incident eight years later.Tilikum could have been trying to play with Brancheau or get her attention or companionship said Nancy Black a marine biologist who has studied whales for 20 years. Such whales play with seals and sea lions in the wild tossing them in the air she said. But they do not kill them and end up letting them go.I don't believe the killer whale purposely intended to kill the woman, she said. "It was more likely an accident I would guess." But she said the whale could also have been frustrated for some reason.Tompkins said there were no indications of any problem with Tilikum or any other animal just before the incident and that Brancheau "had done a great session with him ... he seemed to enjoy what he was doing at the time."The incident however raises larger questions regarding the captivity of wild animals.A spokesman for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals called the death "a tragedy that didn't have to happen."Jaime Zalac said the organization had called on SeaWorld "to stop confining oceangoing mammals to an area that to them is like the size of a bathtub and we have also been asking the park to stop forcing the animals to perform silly tricks over and over again. It's not surprising when these huge smart animals lash out."Black told CNN that killer whales in the wild live in family groups and males stay with their mothers their entire lives. Family members rely on each other for social structure and play and they cover hundreds of miles of ocean she said.I think they do need more space, and situations like that do cause a lot of stress for them, most likely. She said Tilikum had a "flopped fin something seen in captivity but not much in the wild.

But Tompkins said, We have a tremendous track record with these animals at SeaWorld" and a very small percentage of problems. It's useful to have animals in the park he said because it gives scientists a chance to study them and gives members of the public an opportunity to see them and learn about them.This is the first time in 46 years that we've ever had an incident like this with a trainer, he said. Although Tilikum is large and has to be handled carefully "to mark him as a killer is unfair."In 2006 a trainer at the adventure park was hospitalized after a killer whale grabbed him and twice held him underwater during a show at Shamu Stadium.CNN's John Couwels and Brian Todd contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Two-time Formula One world champion Fernando Alonso has signed a three-year deal with Ferrari that will keep him at the Italian motorsport giants until 2016.The Spaniard has only been with Ferrari for one full season after joining from McLaren at the end of the 2009 campaign but has stated his desire to finish his career with the team.I am very happy to have reached this agreement, Alonso said on Ferrari's official web site. "I immediately felt comfortable within Ferrari and now it feels to me like a second family.I have the utmost faith in the men and women who work in Maranello and in those who lead them: it is therefore natural for me to decide to extend my relationship in the long term like this, with a team at which I will no doubt end my Formula One career one day.Alonso missed out on the drivers' championship by four points to Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel in 2010 but has suffered a disappointing start to the current campaign.He is fifth in the standings 52 points behind leader Vettel but did claim his first podium finish at the Turkish Grand Prix earlier this month.Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo said of the new deal: "It is a great pleasure to have renewed our agreement with a driver who has always demonstrated a winning mentality even in the most difficult circumstances.Fernando has all the required qualities, both technically and personally to play a leading role in the history of Ferrari and I hope he will be enriching it with further wins very soon.Vettel has spoken of his desire to represent the Italian team one day but with Ferrari's other driver Brazilian Felipe Massa having another season after this to run on his contract it won't happen until 2013 at the earliest.There had also been speculation that Ferrari would pursue an interest in McLaren's English driver and 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton but he is tied to the British-based team until 2012.Alonso has competed in 23 races with Ferrari with five wins 11 podiums two pole positions and 293 world championship points to his name.Mwanwhile MotoGP could be set to expand for the 2012 season.The sport's governing body said 11 teams boasting 16 riders had advanced to the next stage of selection to compete in the motorbike world championship. NEW YORK (CNN) -- As his presidency nears its end a reflective President Bush suggested Tuesday that he regrets some of his more blunt statements on the war on terrorism over the last eight years and said he wishes he had not spoken in front of a "Mission Accomplished" banner only a month after U.S. troops in Iraq were deployed.President Bush says his wife told him that as president he should watch his words carefully.I regret saying some things I shouldn't have said, Bush told CNN's Heidi Collins when asked to reflect on his regrets over his two terms as president. "Like 'dead or alive' and 'bring 'em on.' My wife reminded me that hey as president of the United States be careful what you say."The interview aboard the USS Intrepid in New York came after the president addressed a Veterans Day ceremony.Shortly after the attacks of September 11 the president said of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden: "I want justice. There's an old poster out West that said 'Wanted dead or alive.' "   Watch President Bush talk about his regrets »Bush was also criticized in 2003 for his answer addressing insurgents in Iraq.There are some who feel like that the conditions are such that they can attack us there. My answer is, bring 'em on, he said then.On Tuesday the president also referenced the moment aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln on May 1 2003 during which he declared an end to major combat operations in Iraq.They had a sign that said 'Mission Accomplished.' It was a sign aimed at the sailors on the ship, but it conveyed a broader knowledge. To some it said, well, Bush thinks the war in Iraq is over, when I didn't think that. But nonetheless, it conveyed the wrong message.The president whose legacy is sure to be hotly debated for decades said there also is much he is proud of.I am proud to be the commander in chief of people who are so selfless and so courageous that they would volunteer to serve our country in a time of war, he said. "I'm proud when I see people feed the hungry. I'm proud when I'm in Africa and see volunteers helping those citizens dying of HIV/AIDS."In the wide-ranging interview the president also discussed his Monday meeting with President-elect Barack Obama and said he consulted former President Clinton before his meeting with the future commander in chief.I remember the conversation I had with my predecessor Bill Clinton, Bush said. "As a matter of fact [I] called him yesterday and said 'Bill I'm getting ready to meet with the new president and I remember how gracious you were to me. I hope I can be as gracious to President-elect Obama as you were to me.' ''Bush described the atmosphere in his Oval Office meeting with Obama as relaxed and said he offered the future president advice on the transition process. Bush also said Obama was specifically interested in how his two young daughters would adjust to life in the White House.It was interesting to watch him go upstairs, Bush said. "He wanted to see where his little girls were going to sleep. Clearly this guy is going to bring a sense of family to the White House and I hope Laura and I did the same thing. But I believe he will and I know his girls are on his mind and he wants to make sure that first and foremost he is a good dad. And I think that's going to be an important part of his presidency."Bush said he plans to return to Texas after he leaves office January 20 and "may write a book" but otherwise has few plans. "No doubt I'm heading straight home. I miss Texas; I love Texas; I've got a lot of friends in Texas.I'll probably get back and take a deep breath, he said.Bush said he has begun to think about an outline for the book.I want people to know what it was like to make some of the decisions I had to make, he said. "In other words what was the moment like? And I've had one of those presidencies where I've had to make some tough calls and I want people to know the truth about what it was like sitting in the Oval Office."Bush expressed regret that Republican presidential nominee John McCain did not win the presidency but called the election of Obama "good for our country."The election of Barack Obama is an historic moment for our country. There are a lot of people in America who did not believe they would ever see this day. It is good for our country that people have hope in the system and feel vested in the future and President-elect Obama has a great opportunity, Bush said. "I really do wish him all the best. I am just as American as he is American and it is good for our country that the president succeeds." (CNN) -- The sudden death of Academy Award-winning actor and comedian Robin Williams has sent shock waves throughout the world. The 63-year-old was not only known for bringing laughter to so many throughout his career but for bringing compassion to his philanthropic causes as well.Impact Your World remembers Williams' generosity by looking at some charities with which he worked.Robin Williams' legacy: A big heart for charityThe United Service Organization (USO) was a perfect fit for the comedian. The goal of the organization is to lift the spirits of American troops and that's exactly what Williams did. During his USO tours the "Good Morning Vietnam" star traveled to war zones entertaining troops from Afghanistan to Kuwait.The Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation which is dedicated to curing spinal cord injuries tweeted:The entertainer and Christopher Reeve were very close friends. They formed an inseparable bond as roommates while studying at New York's Julliard School.Williams was the first to bring a smile to his college buddy's face after Reeve's 1995 horseback riding accident left him paralyzed from the neck down. In Reeve's autobiography "Still Me he wrote how Williams made a surprise hospital visit impersonating a Russian proctologist and was going to perform an exam on him!

The comedic actor was a friend to people of all ages.

Just like his Patch Adams" character Williams brought smiles and laughter to sick children. He visited kids battling cancer one-on-one and signed autographs at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.In 2006 the father of three was honored with the Muhammad Ali Humanitarian Award at Celebrity Fight Night. The annual event raises money primarily for the Muhammad Ali Parkinson Center in Phoenix. Reba McEntire has emceed the benefit dinner and auction for the past nine years and recalled her favorite memory of Williams.She added "I will miss Robin so much as we all will. Thank God we have so many wonderful memories of him his wit talent big heart and generosity."The late actor was also involved with Comic Relief to raise money for those in need especially America's homeless.He hosted a series of HBO TV specials with comedian friends Billy Crystal and Whoopi Goldberg.Comic Relief founder Bob Zmuda remembered Williams' generosity on CNN's "New Day": "Robin was the one from the get-go that was really insistent that we would raise funds for the homeless community. Robin was kind of born with a silver spoon in his mouth. ... I think he felt that he was given so much and that he needed to give back and he truly did."Complete coverage of Robin WilliamsVideos: The world according to Robin Williams (CNN) -- "Saturday Night Live" had some fun recently at the expense of undecided voters. Bill Maher took it a step further on his HBO show "Real Time calling those who have yet to make up their minds in the presidential election ignorant."The jokes may be funny but both campaigns are taking the final phase of the election season very seriously.The stakes are high in the first debate between President Obama and Mitt Romney set for Wednesday night in Denver. As New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said so aptly over the weekend "This whole race is going to be turned upside down come Thursday morning."Opinion: Obama light a cig; Romney throw deepThat's not just Jersey bluster. Both Obama and Romney are hoping to land a knockout punch -- a moment where they can break through for good. For viewers everywhere expect great drama.UndecidedsThe notion that the final month of the election may not matter is well ignorant. Presidential debates can make a difference.Opinion: Swing voters want to hear specificsLet's look back to 2000. The final debate was "enough to turn a neck-and-neck race into a solid lead for GOP Texas Gov. George W. Bush" over Al Gore.What did it?The debate appears to have made Republicans more enthusiastic about voting while turning some Democrats away from the polls, according to a CNN poll at the time.Same thing in 2004. After the second presidential debate of the cycle CNN wrote that Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry "appears to be holding the ground he gained against President Bush after the first presidential debate." It tightened a race that was at one point looking like a Bush runaway. (True Bush won most of electoral votes but the difference in popular votes was within 3 percentage points.)Maher and SNL can poke fun at the undecided voters but these people matter -- especially in a tight race like the one between Obama and Romney -- since they make up a small but solid percentage of the electorate.The undecideds will have three more chances to make a decision including a debate on October 16 that will be moderated by "State of the Union" anchor Candy Crowley.UnsatisfiedsRecently 40% of Americans "say they are not too or not at all satisfied marking the lowest level of candidate satisfaction since the 1992 presidential election." That's a lot of Americans who aren't ready to enthusiastically embrace a candidate or start convincing their friends that their choice is the right one.What about the last presidential election? In 2008 72% of voters said they were satisfied with the choices perhaps because both Barack Obama and Sarah Palin were dynamic.What does this mean for 2012? Namely that a big voting bloc is waiting for the candidates to prove their worth.Opinion: Why debate is crucial for Obama tooThe unsatisfieds are voters who feel their needs are not being met by the campaign stump speeches and talking points. CNN's Halimah Abdullah took a look at these "slivers" of voters. Abdullah profiled a man who voted for Obama in 2008 but has grown disillusioned. This man has a specific list of items that he finds politically appealing but neither campaign has satisfied him so far. He plans to tune in to the debates which may sway him.Late decidersLike the unsatisfied voters there is a group of voters who haven't started to pay attention to the race.They're not glued to the 24-hour news cycle of cable TV or the blogosphere. They're not remotely as invested as the inside-the-beltway crowd. But they do vote and the debates are a critical last-minute stop for them.Opinion: Will candidates let returning troops fall off the fiscal cliff?In the 2004 election which at first looked like a big Bush victory before the debates in the last month 10% of voters said they decided in the final 30 days and Kerry captured 54% to Bush's 44% of this group.Similarly in the 2008 race 15% of the voters made their decision in the last month with more than 50% going for Obama. In 1996 Clinton received more of the last-minute deciders.PersuadablesThere's one more category of people who Obama and Romney will be looking to lock up during the debates. These are the persuadable voters.They are voters who lean one way or the other but aren't sure whether they will cast a ballot.In the latest CNN poll a large percentage of respondents fell into this category. Among Obama supporters 26% of likely voters "moderately" support him while 30% of registered voters "moderately" support him. Among Romney supporters 28% of likely voters "moderately" support him and 35% of registered voters support him.These numbers are not insignificant. In a race that involves both rallying the base and attracting independents especially in the swing states turning moderate support to strong support as well as registered voters to likely voters can be a key to victory.2012 finaleLike any election this one is defined by key moments. Certainly Romney's victory in the primary was one. Mitt and Ann Romney's speeches at the Republican National Convention -- and likewise Barack and Michelle Obama's at the Democratic National Convention -- were as well.Since the conventions Democrats have gained ground and a secretly taped video of Romney's offhand comments about 47% of Americans not paying taxes has surfaced. It would be surprising if Obama doesn't allude to Romney's comment in some way even if in passing.Opinion: Romney's best bet is to be Mr. Fix-itOn the foreign policy front a terrorist attack in Libya on September 11 left a U.S. Ambassador dead and questions remain glaringly unanswered regarding the Obama administration's handling of security in Libya. Romney is expected to bring up this issue.Back in late February was the "season finale" of the primary debates which in retrospect seemed like the ultimate reality show with more twists and turns than a "Real Housewives" reunion. Now we get the season premiere of the general election debates with four highly anticipated episodes before the 2012 series finale. The comedy shows can have their fun -- but the real drama begins tonight in Denver.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Krakauer. (CNN) -- Defending Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic has been named as the top men's seed for this year's tournament with French Open winner Maria Sharapova heading the women's singles seedings.World number one Djokovic retains the top seeding at the All England Club despite his defeat to Rafael Nadal in the French Open final earlier this month.The Spaniard is seeded second ahead of six-time champion Roger Federer who is seeking a first grand slam win since the 2010 Australian Open.Great Britain's Andy Murray a losing semifinalist for the last three years is seeded fourth.However the Scot's preparations suffered a blow on Wednesday when he was beaten by Janko Tipsarevic at The Boodles exhibition tournament in Buckinghamshire.It was Murray's second successive defeat on grass following his surprise early exit from the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club last week.France's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga who suffered an injury scare when he injured a finger at the Aegon Championships is seeded fifth for Wimbledon.He will not be joined by fellow Frenchman Gael Monfils as the world number 15 has failed to recover from a knee injury in time for the championships.The Wimbledon women's singles seedings reflect the current WTA Tour rankings with world number one Sharapova selected top.She is followed by world number two Victoria Azarenka of Belarus and Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska with reigning Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova seeded fourth.Australia's Sam Stosur is the fifth seed with four-time Wimbledon champion Serena Williams seeded sixth.Meanwhile two-time Wimbledon champion Nadal was named as the flag carrier for Spain at the London 2012 Olympics on Wednesday.Sharapova and Djokovic were handed similar roles for Russia and Serbia respectively earlier this month. (CNN) -- On October 1 1982 the first commercial compact disc Billy Joel's "52nd Street was released in Japan. In the 30 years since, hundreds of billions of CDs have been sold, Joel has stopped recording pop music and the music industry has moved on to the next hot medium.

When the first CD player was released that same day, it was described as a new digital record player using laser beams" by United Press International. Spun out of the far less successful Philips' laser disc technology (remember those?) the CD was a result of Philips and Sony combining forces.The compact disc was actually invented several years earlier. The first test CD was Richard Strauss's "Eine Alpensinfonie and the first CD actually pressed at a factory was ABBA's The Visitors but that disc wasn't released commercially until later.

Mass adoption didn't happen immediately -- CDs wouldn't overtake cassette tapes until the late 1980s. The first album to sell 1 million copies in the CD format and outsell its vinyl version was Dire Straits' Brothers in Arms released in 1985.

As with most new technologies, one reason for the slow spread of CDs was their steep price tags. The Sony CDP-101 player sold for the equivalent of $730 when it first hit Japanese shelves in 1982. Accounting for inflation, that's about $1,750 today. The audio CDs themselves were $15, which is $35 in 2012 dollars.

Because getting a new player and replacing an entire music collection was costly, audio manufacturers were savvy enough to market the first CD players to classical music fans, who were more likely to care about sound quality and have extra disposable income.

When they arrived, CDs were hailed for their pristine sound. But whether the audio quality of CDs is greater than vinyl remains a hotly debated topic among hi-fi enthusiasts.

For most people who weren't audiophiles the switch to CDs was a revolution. It took away all the audio noise said Mark Katz, a music professor at the University of North Carolina and author of Capturing Sound: How Technology Has Changed Music."Young listeners opting to stream not own musicSome will still argue that records sound better than CDs but that is only plausible when people take meticulous care of their albums listening to them in scratchless snap-crackle-and-pop-free condition. Most people don't consume music in a vacuum. Even today the average music fan will listen to tunes on cheap earbuds in an environment filled with background noise and is likely unable to be able to tell the difference between a CD and an MP3 says Katz.The compact disc changed technology and went on to be used for data and video storage evolving into re-writeable media and Blu-Ray DVDs.The shiny little platter also changed how people interacted with their music.Changing formats usually has greater impact on the way people listen, consume and disseminate the music, but it also does have an impact on the creative side, said Katz.The first compact discs could hold up to 74 minutes of music (the rumor was that the length of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony established that standard) or at least several songs more than a vinyl LP. This longer length allowed composers to write longer works without worrying about side breaks -- where listeners would have to flip over a record or cassette.Convenience was another huge change. The discs were small just 4.5 inches in diameter and could be carted around far more easily than records. Listening to music on a CD was easier -- there was no standing up to flip over the record or tape less time spent searching for the song you wanted to hear right then. Some CD players even allowed you to program what songs played or didn't and in what order.Three decades later it may be surprising to some that CD sales and Billy Joel's career are still alive. Though their market share is plummeting CDs still account for the majority of album sales in the U.S. In the first half of 2012 61% of all albums sold were CDs according to the Nielsen Company and Billboard.Even so CDs are gradually being overtaken by digital files. At first MP3s were burned from CDs onto computers traded on peer-to-peer networks such as Napster and the Internet's back alleys. Then Apple released the iPod and its iTunes store turned digital music files into a legitimate business. Now popular services like Spotify and Pandora let users stream music from anywhere and Amazon and Apple are encouraging people to store their digital libraries in the cloud.Like CDs before them this new format is changing both the creation and consumption of music. Musicians no longer have to wait until an album is finished to release tracks -- they can sell them one at a time. Length of a song isn't an issue just file size. Listeners have more flexibility than ever with unlimited mix-and-match options. And increasingly they're opting to download single songs over albums.And in an age when computer users can conjure almost any song they want with a few taps or mouse clicks music stores themselves are disappearing.Katz doesn't think CDs and physical music storage will ever vanish altogether. People like tangible things and form meaningful relationships with objects they can hold and look at -- more so than strings of ones and zeros. That explains why vinyl sales are up often among young hipster types who weren't even alive when vinyl was the dominant medium.There is the basic human fact of connection with physical objects, that won't change, said Katz.Compact discs are unlikely to evoke the nostalgia many people feel for vinyl records with their spiraling black groove and sometimes trippy cover art. And to people born in this century they're already becoming a retro curiosity.Streaming debate strikes chord with music fansBut a generation of music fans grew up on them -- Nirvana Public Enemy Billy Joel and all. New York (CNN) -- A city official married the first couple in New York City to wed under the state's new law allowing same-sex marriage Sunday.Phyllis Siegal 76 and Connie Kopelov 84 were married in a chapel at the city clerk's office as a crowd of onlookers cheered.The two of New York have been together for 23 years. Kopelov left the clerk's office in a wheelchair but used a walker to approach reporters.Your cheers are wonderful, Siegal told well-wishers outside the office.She told reporters the experience was "just so amazing. It's the only way I can describe it."Hundreds of same-sex couples heard the news Friday that they made the cut in the marriage lottery that New York state instituted for Sunday the day that the state's Marriage Equality Act took effect.These are two independent people who are joining together because they can see and they can feel how much better their lives will be, city clerk Michael McSweeney said as he married Siegal and Kopelov. "We are grateful that they are allowing us to share this truly momentous ceremony with them."The New York City clerk's office has been flooded with more than 2600 requests for marriage licenses since the wording on the online application was changed from "Groom and Bride" to "Spouse A and Spouse B."The office could handle less than a third of those requests -- gay or straight -- on Sunday according to a press statement the city released earlier in the week. The lottery was set up to allocate 764 slots for couples who want to obtain marriage licenses and/or be married at city clerk's offices on Sunday.Buffalo residents Kitty Lambert and Cheryle Rudd claim to be the first couple married in the state. The two exchanged vows at 12:01 a.m. Sunday in Niagara Falls according to CNN affiliate WGRZ.Couples began lining up outside the clerk's office in New York City before the ceremonies began Sunday. Some women wore wedding gowns while some men wore suits or tuxedos.If all 764 weddings actually take place on Sunday it will set a one-day record for the city.Marriage equality is alive and well in every borough of New York City right now, said Christine Quinn speaker of the New York City Council who is also gay. She said watching the weddings "sent a chill up my spine."Marcos Chaljub and Freddy Zambrano were married after Siegal and Kopelov. The two tearfully said their vows as friends hovered and snapped pictures. "You're married!" one declared as celebratory hugs were exchanged afterward.Chaljub and Zambrano conducted last-minute preparations Saturday for their wedding picking up bouquets of wildflowers for their bridesmaids and champagne for a family brunch afterward. The couple has been together for five years.I have certain people in my life, they're not totally OK with it, but they accept it, and just the fact they respect us because of that, it's really the most that I can ask for, Chaljub told CNN's Susan Candiotti.The two have been wearing rings for five years and said they don't plan to exchange new ones. "We're just going to polish them up and exchange them again Chaljub said.

As with many weddings, there were some comical moments.

Chaljub momentarily forgot which finger to put Zambrano's ring on. Is it this one?" he asked.Asked whether he took Michael Elasser 56 as his spouse 60-year-old Douglas Robinson responded "You bet your life I do!" The couple's two adopted sons ages 25 and 22 attended the ceremony.This is one of the great things about America, this diversity, Robinson said. "I'm so proud to be an American today but I'm particularly proud to be a New Yorker."New York Rabbi Sharon Kleinbaum of Beit Simchat Torah congregation who has lobbied for legalizing same-sex marriage set up a station for couples desiring a religious ceremony after the civil one.New York legalized same-sex marriage in June. The Marriage Equality Act was a priority for Gov. Andrew Cuomo after winning election in November. The law was passed under a Republican-led Senate after days of delays and negotiations between the two parties.Quinn announced that a drawing will take place Monday to award a honeymoon package to one newly-married couple in each borough. The package will include two nights in a Manhattan hotel; dinners; tickets to a museum the Empire State Buidling a Broadway show and Cirque du Soleil; and Macy's gift certificates.However opponents of the new law were planning to gather Sunday afternoon at rallies organized by the National Organization for Marriage in New York Albany Rochester and Buffalo. A handful of protesters were outside the city clerk's office in Manhattan Sunday morning.Quinn told CNN that New York is the place where the LGBT (lesbian gay bisexual transgender) movement was born and a place the world looks to.All eyes are upon it, and I believe it is going to help propel this movement forward faster than any of the other states have, Quinn said.Massachusetts Connecticut Iowa Vermont and New Hampshire also allow same-sex marriage as does the District of Columbia.CNN's Jesse Solomon and Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Rarely has an animal birth been more hotly anticipated but the equine answer to the Royal Baby has taken its first tentative steps at the home of racing Newmarket in eastern England.On Sunday Song produced the first filly to the superstar stallion Frankel at the National Stud and despite it being just a few days old the expectation on it to succeed on the racecourse is already huge.An anticipated 130 foals will be born to Frankel in 2014 none of which will race for two years but with the potential for some sporting sibling rivalry come 2016 at the earliest.Song is owned by Khalid Abdul Rahim of Bahrain who paid $1.3 million for the mare when she was already in foal to Frankel.Director of The National Stud Brian O'Rourke described the new offspring as "a very nice quality athletic individual adding that both mare and foal are doing well."There is even footage online of the foal taking some of its first steps in Newmarket. Mother and foal will stay together for at least five months.Frankel earned owner Prince Khalid Abdullah a Saudi prince more than $4m in prize money during an illustrious racing career which included a record nine consecutive Group 1 wins and ended with victory in the Champion Stakes at Ascot in October last year.However Frankel who went to work in his new role at stud in February last year is now earning his owners infinitely more with a whopping fee of $160000 for every mare sired and hence earnings of nearly four times his career winnings this year alone.The offspring of 2001 Epsom Derby winner Galileo Frankel boasts an impressive pedigree but predicting how Frankel foals may fare is by no means an exact science.Despite the sums paid for the mares and foals in question she could well prove a flop.Despite that there are high hopes for the filly and Frankel's first foal a colt born just a few days earlier at Coolmore Stud in Ireland to a mare called Chrysanthemum. That colt is valued at Â£6m and has been quoted as a 100-1 shot to win the 2017 Derby.As for the filly foal in Newmarket she remains unnamed with suggestions for a possible moniker to the offspring of Frankel and Song currently including Sinatra or My Way. (CNN) -- Researchers believe the number of children who have an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is much higher than previously believed according to a new study published Monday in the American Journal of Psychiatry.By looking at a total population sample in South Korea the study authors estimate that 1 in 38 children in the country -- or 2.64% -- has some form of autism. The approach is a new one. Previously researchers have examined only children known to have the neurological disorder or at high risk of developing it.The study authors predicted that if similar studies were conducted in other countries the prevalance estimates would also go up.The research also led the study authors to believe that more girls than previously thought fall under the autism umbrella.What is autism?In the United States the most recent estimates from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for autism prevalence are about 1% or 1 in 110 children based on population studies in a select number of areas around the country.In this new study researchers looked at all 55000 school children in a large metropolitan community of Seoul which they say is representative not only of South Korea but also many other developed nations.According to the study researchers began with 55266 7- to 12-year-old students. Parents and teachers were asked to fill out an autism screening questionnaire. Parents of 23234 of the children in the regular school system responded. All 294 children already enrolled in special education or on the disability registry were considered to have tested positive for an autism spectrum disorder.From the initial assessments 1214 students screened positive for some form of autism. Only 286 went on to get a full clinical evaluation of which 201 were diagnosed with some form of autism. Using mathematical algorithms researchers estimate 1 in 38 children in South Korea have an autism spectrum disorder.Are we surprised? Yes, said Dr. Young Shin Kim lead author of the study and assistant professor at the Child Study Center at the Yale School of Medicine. Kim said the prevalence estimates in the study which happened to take place in South Korea are higher than previous estimates elsewhere including but not exclusively the United States.Kim said she believes if more studies like this are done in other countries they too will find an autism rate of 2-3% while acknowledging that more research needs to be done to validate the study results.In depth autism coverage on The ChartThe study doesn't mean that suddenly many more children have autism Kim said. Instead she suggests "they have been there all along but they were not counted in previous prevalence studies and that two-thirds are in the community unrecognized and untreated."Roy Richard Grinker a cultural anthropologist at George Washington University and one of the co-authors of the study said he thinks the study's estimates are "surprising" but he doesn't think they are alarming. What these estimates tell us he said is that "autism is more common than we think it is."Autism and communicationGrinker said he would compare the situation in South Korea to where the United States was 20 years ago as far as autism awareness goes. He said when the study began in 2005 South Koreans believed that autism was rare in their country. He cited one South Korean official who he said estimated the prevalence of autism to be about 1 in 100000.At that same time the CDC estimated autism prevalence to be about 1 in 150 children and Australian researchers believed it to be around 1 in 160 children.Since then new research has led to a 1 in 110 prevalence estimate.When asked about the newest estimates Dr. Marshalyn Yeargin-Allsopp chief of the Developmental Disabilities Branch of the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities at the CDC said "We've always said that what we report is an underestimate."She said there are different ways to determine prevalence and that the CDC is considering a total population study of autism but that it is not yet under way.Vanderbilt University's director of the Treatment and Research Institute for Autism Spectrum Disorders (TRIAD) believes the new data adds to what's already been known about ASD in other parts of the world -- that autism is not rare.But Dr. Zachary Warren who did not participate in the study also said "In the current study the authors sampled from a population noted that many folks from this sample did not participate and performed diagnostic evaluations on a relatively small number of children. As such these concerns suggest interpreting the 2-3% prevalence rate reported with significant caution as it may in fact be an overestimate related to how they studied this specific community in Korea."Dr. Max Wiznitzer a pediatric neurologist at Rainbow Babies & Children's Hospital in Cleveland Ohio said the results of this study (which he also wasn't part of) suggest that what the numbers tell us is "that (many) children in this district in Korea have difficulties with social/communications skills."We have to be careful not to confuse them with other conditions that can also cause problems in these realms like ADHD and social anxiety disorders, he said.What makes Monday's study different from other autism studies is that researchers sought out children in regular schools. According to the researchers few children in South Korea are put in special education classes. Grinker said about 10-12% of school children from K-12 classes receive some form of special needs education but that in Korea that figure is far lower maybe under 1%. He attributes that to a law that mandates inclusion which makes it difficult to provide special education.Also children in regular schools in Korea are in school for up to 12 hours a day with highly structured large classrooms and few opportunities for socialization. Many of the children who were identified with an autism spectrum disorder through this study were found to have a higher IQ but had poor socialization skills one of the hallmarks of autism.I think many children with autism can do well in that highly structured situation and may not get flagged as having a particular problem, Grinker said.This may explain why many children with autism in South Korea may go unnoticed and may explain a significant difference with children in the United States.Dr. Geraldine Dawson chief science officer of the advocacy group Autism Speaks which funded part of the study believes the most important finding is that the research shows that using "the comprehensive sampling approach ... has the potential to yield an autism prevalence estimate that exceeds previous estimates."Grinker believes the most important message from the study is not the numbers but that it suggests that "autism is more common than we previously thought and that if we look hard enough cases will be found and these children need treatment so they can thrive."Dawson also believes that the study clearly confirms that autism is a significant global public health concern that transcends cultural geographic and ethnic boundaries.It also shows that it's possible to translate and adopt screening and diagnostic approaches developed in English-speaking countries to effectively assess prevalence in other countries.Autism Speaks is funding similar research in India South Africa Mexico and Taiwan Dawson said. (CNN) -- A convicted child pornographer in Pennsylvania was sentenced Tuesday to 12 years in federal prison thanks in part to three girls featured in CNN's Freedom Project who provided information to U.S. authorities.Jeffrey Herschell 54 of Washington Pennsylvania visited an Internet site that showed live sex shows that forced young girls in the Philippines to act out customers' fantasies U.S. investigators said.Whatever the American client wants us to do, we must do it, "Gen" told CNN in May 2011 for the documentary "The Fighters." "Gen" and her friends were schoolmates and just 8 years old when the abuse occurred.An investigator from Homeland Security Investigations part of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement told CNN the information the three girls provided him was integral to the case against Herschell.Their information launched an investigation that uncovered a ring operating live-streaming shows of children engaging in sexually explicit conduct. Customers from around the globe including an estimated 10 to 15 from the United States paid to view the shows and direct them in some cases.When HSI agents executed a search warrant on Herschell's home in 2011 they found computers cell phones and hard drives containing dozens of explicit videos and images of children.The inquiry involved several U.S. agencies the Philippines national police and the non-profit group Visayan Forum Foundation which fights modern-day slavery.READ MORE: Victims endure lives degraded by traffickers Bill Clinton and George W. Bush sounded like old college buddies when they appeared in Washington on Monday.You'd never know that Clinton was the candidate who made Bush's father a one-termer or that Bush ran for office in 2000 promising to restore "honor and dignity to the White House" after Clinton left.Things are genial now that both men have their presidencies behind them and are focused on their legacies as former presidents. They appeared together on Monday to announce a new leadership program through their respective foundations.But at times it appeared the announcement took a back seat to the presidents' relationship. The two former commanders in chief joked with and about each other told stories about their relationship and even offered commentary about the number of selfies each is asked to take.He used to call me twice a year, in his second term, just to talk, Clinton said about Bush. "We'd talk -- depending on how much time he had 'cause he was busier than me -- somewhere between 30 and 45 minutes for several years. It meant a lot to me."Clinton said he and Bush "talked about everything in the right world. He asked my opinion half the time he disagreed with it. But I felt good about that I thought that was a really healthy thing."Bush and Clinton were together Monday to announce the Presidential Leadership Scholars program a partnership between their respective presidential centers as well as George H.W. Bush's and Lyndon B. Johnson's centers.The program's aim is to bring "motivated leaders across all sectors an opportunity to study presidential leadership and decision making and learn from key administration officials practitioners and leading academics."It is well-documented that Clinton has grown closer with the Bush family since his presidency. Clinton and George H.W. Bush worked together after the Asian tsunami in 2004 and Hurricane Katrina in 2005 while Clinton and George W. Bush worked together after the 2010 Haitian earthquake.Monday's event was a mutual admiration festival. As Clinton heralded their post-presidency friendship he regularly touched Bush's arm. When the Arkansas Democrat reflected positively on Bush's father George H.W. Bush Bush 43 looked at Clinton and said "Thank you you are right."When Bush gave Clinton advice on becoming a grandparent -- "Get ready also to be like the lowest person in the pecking order in your family" -- the two laughed and shared a hearty handshake.Bill and Hillary Clinton are expecting their first grandchild this fall as their only daughter Chelsea Clinton is pregnant. Hillary Clinton attended Monday's event and sat near the back.During the event Bill Clinton's phone rang and the former president joked that "only two people have this number and they are related to me."I hope I'm not being told I'm about to become a premature grandfather, Clinton said to a chorus of laughs.The former presidents were asked to reflect on each other's leadership qualities.Clinton said Bush was decisive and did what he thought was best for the country even if Clinton sometimes disagreed with him.I actually learned a lot watching him over the years, Clinton said.Bush in a briefer answer said Clinton was an "awesome communicator" who can "really lay out a case and get people all across the political spectrum to listen."[There is] a lot to admire about Bill Clinton, Bush said before noticing that he had said less than Clinton had.Is that enough? Bush said. "It was a lot shorter than your answer I know."The differences between Bush and Clinton were also on full display. Clinton offered wordy detailed answers while Bush used more folksy one-liners and quips to engage the crowd. Both joked about how Bush often said he "didn't do" nuance.Clinton said that before the event they "were laughing about having to go to restaurants and having to spend our time taking selfies" with fans.Without skipping a beat Bush said "At least they are still asking you know."Bush takes Ice Bucket Challenge challenges Clinton (CNN) -- A body found in an Indiana lake has been identified as that of Teleka Patrick the Michigan doctor who's been missing since December the Porter County Coroner's Office confirmed.Her body was discovered Sunday in Lake Charles west of Gary Indiana officials said.The cause and manner of death are still pending further investigation but are consistent with drowning the coroner said in a statement Tuesday. An autopsy revealed no trauma the statement added.Mysterious disappearanceThe 30-year-old medical resident failed to show up for work on December 6 in Kalamazoo Michigan. The night before her 1997 Lexus was discovered abandoned more than 115 miles away in a ditch off of Interstate 94 in Indiana directly south of the lake where she was ultimately found.Police brought out dogs to track Patrick's scent. They led investigators out of the ditch where Patrick's car rested to the highway. There the scent went cold.We looked everywhere, Sgt. Rick Strong of the Indiana State Police told CNN in December.Videos provide cluesSurveillance video and home videos uploaded to YouTube provided investigators with clues about Patrick's movements in the weeks days and hours before she vanished.The YouTube videos showed Patrick talking cooing and singing to someone unnamed and apparently unknown. Patrick's mother told CNN she wasn't aware of any romantic relationship her daughter may have had. But the videos have an intimate feel to them.Hi, baby, Patrick says in one. "I am just coming to you to say 'hi' and tell you about my day."In another video Patrick shows a table set for two with omelets and pancakes.If you were here, this is what would be your plate, she coos.In a surveillance video from a Radisson hotel in Kalamazoo not far from where she worked Patrick is seen on the night of December 5 around 7:30 p.m. hours before police found her car in Indiana.She spent about 10 minutes talking with employees at the reception desk but ultimately left. There's no audio on the video and it's not clear why Patrick failed to book a room.But at 7:48 p.m. she strode across the hotel's tiled floors out the door and onto a hotel shuttle bus.Those are the last known images of her.Her family says Patrick who had just moved to Michigan bought a plane ticket to come visit them for the holidays in Florida.In January family members urged investigators to remain focused on the possibility that foul play was involved in her disappearance after reports surfaced that gospel singer Marvin Sapp had filed a personal protection order against Patrick in September.In court documents Sapp said Patrick "has claimed him as her husband had moved from California to Michigan joined his church had contacted his children and had been to his home.I have at least 400 pages of correspondence from her which I have never responded, his complaint reads.Questions remainWhile the discovery of Patrick's body answers some questions it leaves many more unanswered for the grieving family of a young doctor described as "wonderful beautiful" and "talented."Investigators have said they have no evidence of foul play but they also don't have conclusive evidence that Patrick's movements on December 5 were voluntary.We have scoured, searched and looked at everything we could possibly look at -- all the exits, all the businesses, all the hotels, Strong said late last year. "We posted fliers; we talked to neighbors (who live near the highway). We did a full-blown on-the-ground search in the wooded area north of where the car was."Carl Clatterback a private investigator hired by Patrick's family told CNN that investigators are looking into the videos. A central question: Who was Patrick talking to in the videos and does that person know anything about what happened to her?CNN's Tiffany Campbell and Julia Lull contributed to this report. Tokyo (CNN) -- Dozens of flights were canceled in and out of a northeastern Japanese city on Tuesday after construction workers came across an unexploded shell believed to be from World War II buried near a taxiway.Airport authorities in Sendai said they had canceled all 92 flights national and international scheduled to use the airport Tuesday after the discovery of the shell late Monday under an unpaved area beside the taxiway.Read more: World War II bomb closes part of Amsterdam airportMembers of the Japanese Self Defense Force are working to remove the ordinance which is thought to be a U.S.-made bomb dropped during World War II the airport said adding that officials hope flights will be able to resume Wednesday.The device still has a fuse which raises the risk that it could explode and is approximately 110 centimeters (43 inches) long and 35 centimeters wide authorities said.Sendai is still recovering and rebuilding after the devastating earthquake and tsunami that killed thousands of people and caused widespread destruction across northeastern Japan in March 2011.The city is the largest in the region of Tohoku which bore the brunt of the natural disasters. The damage to its airport was widely documented in images that emerged in the aftermath of the quake and tsunami. Washington (CNN) -- Toward the end of U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's surprise appearance at the TED Women conference Wednesday she told the story of a girl and her father in a developing country.This teenage girl's father expected to force her into early marriage, but she had been to school and she received a cow, perhaps through the Heifer project,  to encourage her to stay in school. When her father demanded she drop out of school and get married, she said no. When he insisted, she insisted right back.

And finally she pulled out her trump card: 'If I leave and get married I'm taking my cow that cow belongs to me.' So guess what. She stayed in school she was spared an early marriage all because her father couldn't bear to part with the cow."TED.com: Sheryl WuDunn on oppression of womenClinton devoted her talk to the importance of empowering women and girls around the world and the audience of 700 at the International Trade Center responded enthusiastically.Let women work and they drive economic growth across all sectors. Send a girl to school even just for one year and her income dramatically increases for life, and her children are more likely to survive and her family more likely to be healthier for years to come. Give women equal rights and entire nations are more stable and secure. Deny women equal rights and the instability of nations is almost certain.Clinton said the goal of empowering women and girls is a "central tenet" of American foreign policy. "Women's equality is not just a moral issue it's not just a humanitarian issue it is not just a fairness issue she said, It is a security issue it is a prosperity issue and it is a peace issue.Therefore when I talk about why we need to integrate women's issues into discussions at the highest levels everywhere in the world, I'm not doing it just because I have a personal commitment or because President Obama cares about it. I'm doing it because it's in the vital interests of the United States of America.Clinton said the status of women will be a key part of a new document the State Department is planning to release this week. Modeled on the Defense Department's review every four years of U.S. defenses the "quadrennial diplomacy and development review" will assess American foreign policy.TED.com: Zainab Salbi on women and wartimeClinton spoke of an array of initiatives and programs the State Department is using many involving technology that can empower women. Among them is a program in the wartorn Democratic Republic of Congo that enables women who are the victims of violence to record and transmit their testimony in criminal cases through the use of mobile phones.Clinton's talk did not mention the ongoing worldwide controversy over the release of thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables by WikiLeaks. She did pay tribute to Elizabeth Edwards who died the day before her talk.She lived with a fierce intelligence, a passion, a sense of purpose, Clinton said. "She would have appreciated this event where we are coming together to look for solutions."The TED Women conference was a new event organized by TED a nonprofit that runs conferences and makes talks available on its website and by the Paley Center for Media.Clinton said the effort to empower women and girls faces cultural barriers: "The low value that many families and societies place on girls makes possible many of the worst abuses they suffer. But even among girls who are spared the worst too often it is a girl who is still the first to drop out of school the last to be fed the last to receive medical care. And in too many places she is taught there are special limits to what is possible for her.We need to reach out to faith leaders and community leaders to change the perception and treatment of girls, and to persuade men and boys to value their sisters and their daughters, their talents and their intrinsic worth. NEW YORK (CNN) -- The numbers were good for "Knowing."In "Knowing a physics professor (Nicolas Cage) ponders patterns in a list of numbers.

The film, about a physics professor who sees clues for disastrous events in a time capsule's list of digits, overcame some pretty long odds at the box office -- going against the Paul Rudd-Jason Segel comedy I Love You Man the Julia Roberts-Clive Owen romantic thriller Duplicity" and some fairly scathing reviews -- to emerge as the weekend's No. 1 film.Though star Nicolas Cage wouldn't have predicted the outcome in an interview before the film's release he did talk about the power of positive thinking.I'm a huge believer of the human spirit, he told CNN. "I think people are amazing. I think what we have accomplished is incredible. ... If you think positive and you apply the guts and ingenuity that mankind has been doing forever at least in our existence I believe we get through anything."Cage's character John Koestler is a science professor whom Cage describes as "someone who is reawakening to his faith." He begins the film believing that everything is random but as the film continues -- and he seeks to alert the world of a coming catastrophe -- "he believes there is cause and effect and perhaps even a divine mind Cage said.

The film begins in 1959, with students burying items in a time capsule at an elementary school. One of the children, however, creates an image of seemingly random numbers. Fifty years later, when the capsule is opened, Koestler's son receives the page of numbers, and his father realizes that they correspond to major disasters of the past half-century.

Koestler determines that three events have yet to occur and sets out to meet the clairvoyant child's now grown daughter. The final event threatens life on Earth itself, and the group begins a race against time, with unusual consequences.

Critics were not impressed. The film earned a 25 percent rating on the review aggregator RottenTomatoes.com, with some reviewers in full-on mockery mode.  Watch Mr. Moviefone review Knowing" and other films »It's increasingly hard to believe that Cage won an Oscar in 1996 (for 'Leaving Las Vegas'), wrote USA Today's Claudia Puig in a 1½-star review. "In the past decade he has made some awful choices and his range has seemed to grow more limited."It's so inept that you may wish you were watching an M. Night Shyamalan version of the very same premise, wrote Entertainment Weekly's Owen Gleiberman referring to the director whose last two films "Lady in the Water" and "The Happening were two of the most detested films of recent years.

But the film's apocalyptic theme obviously strikes a chord, something director Alex Proyas (Dark City") saw early on.Proyas told CNN in a pre-release interview that "you can read [the film] as biblical if you choose to but he prefers to see it as spiritual."I try to leave it very open-ended, he said. "I try to think of it as more a spiritual place than a biblical one." Cage's character he said is on a spiritual quest in the midst of what could be global destruction.Rose Byrne who plays the clairvoyant child's daughter Diana called the film "kind of a theological discussion."That's always an exciting topic, she said. "It's bridging the gap between science and spirituality. That always makes things thought-provoking and I like that with any piece of art."Byrne said that "Knowing" taps into some of the end-times anxiety that's been in the air in recent years which perhaps could help find an audience. (As she was talking before the film's release she didn't realize how much of an audience.)I think it's a common thing in life, she said of end-of-the-world fears referencing one of the latest making the rounds -- the Mayan calendar's Long Count end in 2012 -- in making her point.Proyas observes that given such worries the film can be a wake-up call for such concerns as global climate change.There is a symbolic aspect to what is happening and what the story is about, and to get people to pay attention to what could happen, he said.But he adds it's also just a movie.I believe in the entertainment value of movies -- very much so, he said. "I ... want to make it good for the audience. I really want people to be there and experience something powerful and resident both in terms of ideas and emotions ... and also with this film trying to do something different. It's a challenging film and it takes some unexpected turns." (CNN) -- Look out air travelers. A congressional slugfest over the U.S. deficit is threatening to trigger higher airfares and widespread slowdowns at the nation's airports.Remember that big fight in Congress last year over the national budget deficit? Eventually Congress and the White House agreed to scheduled budget cuts that are so deep that lawmakers would be forced to come together on tough choices. Washington wonks call these cuts "sequestration."Related story: Sequestration is the 'dumbest thing'The Federal Aviation Administration is in the cross hairs for sequestration -- with a possible $1 billion in mandatory cuts scheduled to occur as soon as January. The FAA chief warned of the impact of such cuts. And a new study says the cuts would result in fewer air traffic controllers customs officers and security officers. The FAA's sweeping overhaul of the U.S. air traffic system also would take a hit.NextGen as it's called is aimed at improving efficiency and increasing safety.If the sequester were to occur, we would face some very drastic cuts in services and these investments, said FAA acting administrator Michael Huerta in an October speech. "These cuts would impact air traffic control services NextGen implementation and aircraft certification -- all of which are critical to our ability to move forward with aviation in this century.They would result in significantly less efficient and less convenient air travel service for the American traveling public. We will always, however, maintain the highest levels of safety.It's anybody's guess -- and up to Congress -- whether the cuts will actually happen. But groups representing pilots and the aerospace industry say it's time to get nervous.Opinion: Clock ticking on defense cutsMarion Blakey who headed the FAA during the George W. Bush administration and who now leads an aerospace industry lobbying organization warned in August that just the threat of the cuts is already having a chilling effect. Consumers should be worried she warns.This will affect their ability to fly when they want and how they want, Blakey says. "It will certainly be a drag on the airlines which then will incur great cost which then will be passed on to the consumer or it will cut into the carriers' very meager profits and that's not healthy."Blakey's group the Aerospace Industries Association and Econsult Corp. released a study in August that paints a worst-case scenario including possible closure of 246 airport control towers 1500 fewer air traffic controllers and the loss of 9000 security screeners and 1600 customs officers.Obviously fewer controllers screeners and customs people would throw a wrench into an already stressed air travel system.A billion dollars is a body blow to the FAA, Blakey says.For industry planners Blakey says January is right around the corner and making industry decisions amid such uncertainty comes with an economic price that will affect the consumer.Not only would airline passengers feel the cuts but pilots of small aircraft known as general aviation or GA will see ramifications both in safety and efficiency says Melissa Rudinger senior vice president of government affairs at the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association.The cuts could include the shut down of more than 200 control towers "which operate almost exclusively at GA locations she says.

It's unclear to us how the FAA would go about literally closing the doors and turning out the lights she says. But there's definitely a safety risk that would have us concerned."Safety would not be an issue Blakey says.I have every confidence they'll keep it safe, she says although she expects FAA controllers will slow traffic at small airports by reducing hours of operation and capacity.I do not anticipate that the FAA will reduce hours and personnel at the nation's big air traffic control centers and the TRACON radar tracking centers, she says.For now many in the aviation industry are taking a wait-and-see attitude.There is a great deal of uncertainty about whether sequestration will actually happen and what the real impact would be on commercial aviation, writes a spokeswoman for the airline industry trade group Airlines for America.Other groups aren't talking at all.The National Air Traffic Controllers Association wouldn't comment in August and the FAA referred questions to the Office of Management and Budget.The OMB has 30 days to analyze the sequestration legislation and to make recommendations to the White House. An internal OMB memo (PDF) in July said sequestration would be "highly destructive to national security and domestic priorities as well as to core government functions and that Obama has submitted deficit reduction proposals to Congress aimed at avoiding the cuts.

The cuts would delay deployment of the multibillion-dollar NextGen program by at least a decade, according to the study.

It's a very big deal to keep that on track Blakey says. It's going to get hit; it's just a question of how much."This is not just about FAA Blakey says. Think about the idea of cutting 9000 Transportation Security Administration screeners. "How do you like the lines now? How are you going to like them then?"She says "People would like to treat this as a hypothetical or a simple congressional debate." But the threat will grow she warns unless "people step up and try again to address the long-term issues" surrounding the nation's debt and deficit -- or they postpone the FAA cuts to give themselves more time for a compromise. (CNN) -- Speaking Saturday at the Summit of the Americas President Barack Obama said it is reasonable to debate alternatives in the war on drugs but insisted legalizing drugs wasn't a valid option in the United States.Obama voiced his view in his first public remarks at the hemispheric event during a meeting of business leaders where he was part of a panel alongside Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff and Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos.The possibility of drug legalization has gained traction in Central America which is being squeezed between suppliers to the south and consumers to the north.Yet the idea goes against decades of the prohibitionist policy backed by the United States which is largely followed and enforced in Latin America and the Caribbean.Santos noted Saturday that people in his native Colombia too have called for different ways to approach illicit drugs.Sometimes we pedal and pedal and pedal, and we feel like we are on a stationary bike, he said of the war on drugs. "I think the time has come to simply analyze if what we are doing is the best we could be doing or if we can find an alternative that would be more effective and less costly to society. This is a topic of extreme political sensitivity."He added "One extreme can be to put all users in prison. On the other extreme legalization. In the middle there may be more practical policies such as decriminalizing consumption but putting all the efforts into interdiction."The first thing that regional leaders should do Santos said later at the summit's opening session is seriously and collaboratively examine how to tackle drug trafficking "without dogma without prejudice."This summit is not going to resolve this issue, he said. "But it can be a starting point to begin a discussion that we have been postponing for far too long."Obama earlier Saturday left the door open for debate but made it clear that the United States has a firm stance.I think it is entirely legitimate to have a conversation about whether the laws in place are doing more harm than good in certain places, Obama said. "I personally and my administration's position is that legalization is not the answer."Much attention in the run-up to the summit was on the drug issue as well as on leaders from the hemisphere who are not present in the coastal city of Cartagena Colombia.Venezuela's foreign minister told reporters Saturday that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez will not attend because of health reasons. Chavez had recently returned to his country from Cuba where he underwent cancer treatment.Cuba which is not a member of the Organization of American States was not invited to join the leaders. But there was a last-minute push by Ecuador's leftist President Rafael Correa to get Cuban leader Raul Castro a seat at the table.Correa boycotted the summit because of Cuba's exclusion.Santos a key U.S. ally said in his opening remarks Saturday that it was time to overcome such issues -- calling it unthinkable if Cuba is not part of the next Summit of the Americas as well as nearby Haiti.The United States has "never been more excited" to work as equal partners with countries in Latin America Obama said earlier Saturday -- a vow that's been made before by U.S. presidents but that nonetheless drew applause from the audience of business leaders.The president presented an upbeat assessment of hemispheric relations touting a 46% increase in trade between the United States and Latin American and Caribbean countries.This hemisphere is very well positioned in the global economy, he said.Rousseff spoke of a need for a "virtuous relationship" based on respect and equality among economies while Santos said he welcomed a "change of mentality in relations between north and south."Obama pointed out one change he'd like to see: "I think in Latin America part of the change in mentality is also not always looking at the United States as the reason for everything ... that goes wrong."There are many examples of increased cooperation between the United States and Latin America but they are not always flashy and don't draw the same type of attention that conflicts do Obama said.Oftentimes in the press, the attention at summits like this ends up focusing on the controversies, the president added. "Sometimes those controversies date back to before I was born."The summit's start was momentarily overshadowed by two security incidents -- one involving bomb blasts and another involving Secret Service in Colombia to protect the U.S. delegation.Roughly a dozen Secret Service agents and officers are being investigated over early findings that they allegedly brought back several prostitutes to a hotel in Cartagena two U.S. government sources familiar the investigation told CNN.The Secret Service personnel have since been sent back to the United States.Separately two small blasts occurred nearly back-to-back Friday in Cartagena.The explosions -- one near a bus station and another near a shopping mall -- occurred a good distance away from where world leaders were gathering said Alberto Cantihho Toncell a spokesman for the Colombia National Police.There were no casualties and only minor damage was reported Toncell said.The explosions came on the heels of a similar one earlier in the day near the U.S. Embassy in the capital city of Bogota authorities said.CNN's Dan Lothian contributed to this report. (CNN) -- It would take you almost five solid months -- without sleeping or bathroom breaks -- to watch every sporting event at this year's Summer Olympics. More than 3500 hours of competition from London will be crammed into just 17 days.In the past people had to settle for watching the delayed edited bits broadcast on TV or websites but technology and viewing habits have changed. This year 40% of people plan to follow the games on more than one device with 35% checking in on their tablets and 27% using their smartphone according to a new study by Harris Interactive.Fans asked to tweet from Olympics only if it's 'urgent'So what are the best ways for today's mobile multiple-screen owning Twitter-loving generation to follow the Olympics Ã  la carte? We offer these five:Live streaming with a catchFirst the good news: It's finally possible to stream any Olympic event live online on a tablet or from your smartphone. After years of tape-delayed broadcasts and online video NBC has caught on that viewers want to follow the Olympics on multiple devices in real time and is offering the live options in addition to its regular television programming.The bad news is that anyone in the U.S. who wants to enjoy live streaming of the games needs to have a current cable satellite or telco TV subscription that includes MSNBC and CNBC (for some areas this may mean be more than just basic cable). You will be prompted on the NBC site and in NBC apps to choose your provider from a list and log in with your official username and password in order to access any live streams.Cord cutters -- those who have canceled their cable and primarily watch TV online through services like Hulu and Netflix -- are out of luck however. They can sign up for cable and cancel after the games are over but there's no one-time payment option just to access live streaming. NBC wants mobile and online options to complement the TV coverage not replace it.NBC which is owned by the largest cable provider in the United States Comcast paid $1.18 billion for the rights to this year's Olympics. The network makes a good portion of that amount back on television advertising which still generates more revenue than online ads.OnlineThe Internet portal for all video in the U.S. is NBCOlympics.com. On the main video page anyone can view the select clips that NBC posts after watching a short ad. These clips are a combination of highlights from events interviews profiles and peeks behind the scenes. Sort by your sport of choice or type of video.How to avoid Olympics spoilersThe site is also providing live streams of any sport to cable satellite or telco TV subscribers. Called LiveExtra the service will live stream some Olympic trials and every single Olympic sport. You can watch online or through the complimentary app. It's the only option for live streaming in the U.S.Though hosted through YouTube all of the videos on the NBCOlympics are in Flash. To view them on iPhones iPads or other mobile devices go to the mobile version of the site m.nbcolympics.com. You can also download one of the official apps to watch official NBC Olympic video on your iOS or Android device.For the first time the International Olympic Committee (IOC) will live stream 11 high-definition channels simultaneously over YouTube for 64 territories in Asia and Africa that don't have broadcast deals but those streams will not be accessible outside of those countries. Foreign news websites such as the BBC will also have videos but again most will be blocked for U.S. viewers.Mobile appsNBC created two official apps for Android and Apple mobile devices NBC Olympics and NBC Olympics Live Extra and both are free to download. NBC Olympics has no live video but tons of content that can be enjoyed by anyone for free including news results video highlights and the intriguing-sounding Twitter heat map.NBC Olympics Live Extra app is a mobile version of its LiveExtra online service and requires a cable satellite or telco subscription. View any event live watch replays of the ones you missed and check out medal ceremonies and alternative camera views. Look over the in-app schedule and set up notifications for the events you don't want to miss. (Avid streamers should be careful not to go over their monthly data limits.)There are two official apps for the London 2012 Olympics and they're available for a mix of platforms including iOS Android BlackBerry and Windows Phone 7. Official London 2012: Results App has live updates of results as well as schedules news background on sports and athlete profiles. You can follow specific countries and set up custom alerts. The second app Official London 2012: Join In App is more for people attending the games and has schedules and locations for the various Olympic-related festivities going on in London.The free BBC Olympic iOS and Android app will have a steady stream of quality Olympics news including a running tally of medals won and live reporting from the BBC journalists attending events.Social media and newsPerhaps you have no interest in seeing your favorite diver's perfectly executed reverse 3 1/2 somersault tuck. You just want to know who got the gold as soon as it happens. Individual sports have official automated Twitter feeds that will tweet out the results as they happen. You can narrow it down to just the events you're interested in and follow those feeds (say @L2012Trampoline or @L2012Judo) or keep an eye on all of them at once by following the London 2012 official Twitter list of automated feeds. The official London 2012 feed is @London2012.Twitter takes the Olympic gold for speedThis year a lot of the fun will be following the athletes themselves. You can look up your favorites or follow this list of verified Olympic athlete Twitter accounts the London 2012 list of Olympians or find a list just for your preferred sport of team like Team USA.If you want more color find a hashtag for the event you're interested in to get live tweets of the excitement as it happens from attendees and journalists. There's also an official London 2012 Facebook page you can like to get updates.And of course there are old-fashioned news sites and blogs filled with words and pictures. There are 21000 journalists in London covering the Olympics (outnumbering the 10500 athletes competing).With all the content online on TV and on social media keeping up with the Olympics won't be nearly as much of a challenge as avoiding spoilers.TelevisionOh right there's TV too. If you have cable you can catch NBC's coverage scattered across a number of its channels: NBC NBC Sports Network MSNBC CNBC Bravo and Telemundo. Check the schedule for your location sorted by time or sport at the NBC Olympics site.If you don't have cable you can still tune into NBC over the air for nearly round-the-clock coverage including the four-hour prime-time broadcast that will show the most popular events mixed in with the usual profiles and athlete interviews. The channel will broadcast a total of 217 hours of Olympic coverage.Opinion: Is it really #NBCfail? San Diego California (CNN) -- You're a mean one Mr. Gingrich.Well not really. Those of us who know Newt Gingrich tend to describe him as not only intelligent but also charming. Some members of the Washington press corps will admit as much even though they usually don't agree with Gingrich's views.No matter. Facts shouldn't get in the way of a good smear. And at the moment the left is trying to dampen the appeal of the former House speaker and current GOP presidential front-runner by likening him to a green and hairy Dr. Seuss character who tries to steal Christmas.Only in the real life version Gingrich is supposedly at war with the poor for saying this: "Really poor children in really poor neighborhoods have no habits of working and have nobody around them who works so they literally have no habit of showing up on Monday."That narrative was front and center again this week as Gingrich explained his remarks to reporters gathered at a New York press conference emphasizing that he believes the secret to getting America working again is to teach some Americans how to work.I've been talking a little bit about the importance of work, Gingrich said "particularly as it relates to people who are in areas where there are public housing where there are relatively few people who go to work."At one point Gingrich turned the tables on the reporters and asked them a question. He wanted to know "How many of you earned some money doing something before you were 10 years old whether it was cutting grass or babysitting or something?"Talk to hugely successful people Gingrich said and most of them will say that they got an early start learning about jobs and responsibility and earning money for their labor. Tragically that's not happening with many young people today. Gingrich pointed out that for instance among African-American teenagers the unemployment rate is a staggering 43%.Now you can spin a statistic like that one of two ways. You can say these unemployed black teenagers are helpless victims and the system is working against them. Or you can say that many of these teenagers are unemployable because no one ever taught them the skills necessary to hold down a job.Gingrich thinks government should have a hand in creating a "pathway to work" so "people get in the work habit and learn the skills to be successful."Bravo for Newt. Politicians don't usually speak this way which is why so many of them have mastered the art of talking for hours without saying anything of importance. I can't imagine Mitt Romney saying these things; he's too busy telling people what they want to hear to tell them what they need to hear. This subject is as important as they come and Gingrich deserves credit for kicking off the discussion especially since he was sure to be pummeled for stating the obvious.Here's the obvious: Americans have lost their work ethic and some never had one to lose. They grow up -- or put more precisely they're raised -- thinking of so many jobs as beneath them that they wake up one day not knowing how to do any job.Gingrich was right on the money. But I would go further than he did. This isn't just a problem for black Americans; it's a problem for all Americans. In fact as someone who speaks to groups all over the country and who spends a fair amount of time visiting high schools and colleges I worry less about students from poor families who lack resources and opportunities than I do about those from the upper-middle class who lack passion and purpose.Poor kids often have a fire in their belly a desire to improve their lot and help their parents. Upper-middle class kids can be harder to motivate especially if they've never been taught to work by their parents.You think I'm kidding. I remember once seeing a 21-year-old struggle with how to hold a broom and sweep the floor. It wasn't his fault. No one had ever taught him how to do that chore -- or any other. Whenever I write about young people and the jobs they won't do I hear from dozens of employers with stories of their own. The common theme in all those e-mails is that we've been too soft on our kids and haven't demanded enough from them something we hardly notice because we've allowed illegal immigrants to pick up the slack.Parents used to make their children work after school or on weekends or during summer break to earn extra money to buy what they wanted. They gave them a list of chores to do to earn their allowances. No chores no allowances. Today parents find it easier to skip the chores and buy their kids what they want which is no good for anyone and no good for society.You know what is good? This conversation and others like it. No subject this important should be off limits. After all how do we fix a problem if it is considered taboo to even mention it?Newt Gingrich had the courage to mention the problem of America's vanishing work ethic and emphasize the need to restore it. And for that Americans should be thankful.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. (EW.com) -- To promote her Fox comedy "Raising Hope" (which begins its third season October 2) Martha Plimpton pitched a funny idea.People are always trying to come up with creative ways of engaging the viewers, she tells EW. "And I thought well I play a housekeeper on a show what if I went and cleaned the house of "Raising Hope's" biggest fan. In my uniform."The network thought she was joking but she was serious. The contest begins today at www.fox.com/cleansweep.Through October 8 fans can enter by submitting their best "Awkward Family Photo" and a paragraph stating why their family is just like the Chance family and why they deserve a house call from Martha and her TV husband Garret Dillahunt. Yes he's coming along to to make like his character and mow the winner's lawn. (And okay they'll have professional crews there to help them.)Raising Hope creator Greg Garcia will select the winner from the top 10 finalists in mid-October and Plimpton and Dillahunt will get their hands dirty later that month or in early November.Entertainment Weekly: What does this say about your commitment to promoting your show?Martha Plimpton: Well I think it says a lot about my commitment to promoting the show. [Laughs] It's a funny thing: A lot of people who haven't seen the show yet say they haven't watched because they're not really sure what it is. They think it's about a baby or that it's extremely dumb or something. But I think this show is a lot smarter than people realize. The writing is very very sharp. If dare I say it it's a lot more sophisticated underneath. [Laughs] Do you know what I mean? The exterior is really ridiculous and silly but there's real sophistication in the writing and I'm really proud to be a part of it. And I think it's really smart and it makes me laugh. If it makes me laugh well I'm sorry but then it must be good. [Laughs] Because I don't laugh at a lot of things.I'm thrilled that we got a third season. I very much would like for people to enjoy this show as much as I do. I want to share it with the largest amount of people I can. And I will do what is necessary.Muppets: 'Blue Brothers' sing for EW!Clearly. Have you given Greg Garcia any guidelines for choosing the winner?We should stay away from hoarders crime scenes and people with too many cats. I'm not bringing a hazmat suit.What's your personal cleaning specialty that fans should be aware of?I am excellent with laundry. For example as a laundry expert I never use fabric softener on towels because it makes them less absorbent. I don't know if your readers know this. You should not put Bounce sheets or fabric softener in with your towels. You should dry them separately without fabric softener so they stay absorbent.And I'm kind of a bed fascist. I don't know if I'll be doing this in the home of our winner but I like to iron my sheets. I'm that kind of odd person weirdo.See the original article at EW.com.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly© 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved. (CNN) -- "An unconditional right to say what one pleases about public affairs is what I consider to be the minimum guarantee of the First Amendment." -- U.S. Supreme Court Justice Hugo L. Black New York Times Co. vs. Sullivan 1964It's downright disgusting to listen to conservative and Republican lawmakers presidential candidates business owners and media commentators use such vitriol to describe the Occupy Wall Street protesters as hell-bent on destroying America.How in the world can anyone even form their lips to say such a thing when this very country was founded on the basis of dissent?Self-professed rodeo clown Glenn Beck castigates the Occupy Wall Street protesters but he's always running off at the mouth about the Founding Fathers and how brilliant they were.Without dissent and protest there is no United States of America! It's as if these folks never picked up a history book to understand how this nation was formed. The very notion of a United States of America started with someone saying writing and screaming "Enough is enough!" And when more and more of the early settlers became enraged at the heavy-handed actions of the British that's when we were on our path to the American Revolution.Do any of these so-called strict constructionists even read the very U.S. Constitution they love to wave in the faces of their critics?Every American no matter if you're young or old; rich or poor; red state or blue state; Black white Asian Hispanic Native American; has the freedom to assemble and freedom of speech which is at the heart of these protests.In this same space I praised the tea party for not sitting around and complaining. Instead they organized and mobilized to affect the political discourse in the Republican Party and have definitely had their voices heard. I may disagree with a number of things the tea party advocates but there is no way I would condemn them for doing it. As Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas said "The right to revolt has sources deep in our history."It's increasingly clear that some Americans love to talk a good game about protests yet hate it when someone who opposes their views decides to stand up and be heard.Remember all of those political voices championing the people of Iran taking to the streets to protest? How about Tunisia? Egypt? Libya? Bahrain? What would this world be without protest?We would have never seen freedom in Eastern Europe were it not without the people there in the words of civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer being "sick and tired of being sick and tired." Praise God that the children of South Africa led by the African National Congress didn't ignore the calls of history. If so Nelson Mandela would be dying in jail and freedom would have never ended apartheid.This nation would not have been forced to make real the very principles cited in the Declaration of Independence or treat every human being as an equal were it not for the civil rights movement. Those brave men women and children chose not to accept the status quo and this nation and the world are much better off because they did.As a supporter of Occupy Wall Street I understand fully the sentiment that is being expressed. The massive corporate greed that has devastated the wages of the common worker and seen the pay of a bunch on Wall Street go through the stratosphere for literally making nothing tangible has been immoral and obscene.Wall Street and their protectors in Washington -- Democrat and Republican -- say nothing is wrong with making a profit. That is absolutely true. But what is shameful and outlandish is to watch the American taxpayer save the jobs (and big bonuses) of these financial miscreants only to see them jack up fees left and right. Without the American people they would have had to pack up their belongings and hit the pavement. Instead they refuse to work with homeowners struggling to meet the big mortgage payments that Wall Street helped underwrite; then sell in exotic transactions that wrecked this nation's financial infrastructure.Conservatives call this an assault on capitalism. No Occupy Wall Street is about trying to bring some decency and honesty back to an industry that used to have some. Instead what we have today are literal financial pirates trying to take the largest booty they can find. They don't care about the long-term health of this country. It's all about the next quarterly earnings reports and their massive year-end bonuses.This fight that Occupy Wall Street is engaged in is nothing short of a battle for the soul of this nation. Are we going to continue to allow ourselves to be held hostage by the big banks? Will we continue to allow them to trample over us with their "too big to fail" attitude?No no and hell no. It's time to bring these Goliaths to their knees by any means necessary. That mean the young and righteous Davids must protest march sit-in work the halls of Congress and state capitals nationwide and make it clear that as long as Wall Street its lobbyists and political protectors continue to mistreat the common man and woman they are our mortal enemy.Now is not the time to dismiss the protesters as a bunch of lefty college students with no guidance no substance and no mission. Instead of listening to politicians pimp the next generation these folks are saying in the words of the founders of the nation's first black newspaper Freedom's Journal: "We wish to plead our own cause; too long have others spoken for us."The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin. (CNN) -- Just one in seven engineers are female only 27% of all computer science jobs are held by women and "women have seen no employment growth in STEM jobs since 2000" reports Forbes.Women who work in the fields of science technology engineering and math and those who campaign for higher numbers of women in these fields think they have some solutions to this growing problem.1. "The toys and games that young girls play with mold their educational and career interests; they create dreams of future careers." says Andrea Guendelman co-founder of Developher.Extensive research shows that certain toys and games can help young children develop the spatial logic and other analytical skills critical to science, technology, engineering and math.

A huge part of the reason women are not entering these fields and huge part of the solution starts at the very beginning."2. "Introduce girls early to role models of other women In STEM" suggests Regina Agyare founder of Soronko Solutions.[These women] will mentor them and introduce them to STEM through games and practical learning experiences.3. "It's important to engage girls in STEM at an early age and keep them interested." adds Patty L. Fagin PhD Head of School at Stuart Country Day School of the Sacred Heart.Girls start out as strong in math and science as boys, but lose interest along the way; we call this the leaky pipeline." Grow the pipeline keep girls engaged and we'll increase the number of women in STEM.Create opportunities for success and safe environments in which to fail. They'll learn to persevere and develop a growth mindset, so critical to success in STEM fields ... instead of this is hard I can't do it they will believe, I can try another way."Girls want to make a difference, so give them hands-on, real-world problem-solving activities to show STEM is relevant and fun.

Expose girls to the different areas of STEM and provide women mentors for girls and young women so they in turn will mentor other girls."4. "There's no magic recipe for getting girls into STEM but we know early and positive exposure makes an impact." Karen Horting CEO and Executive Director at the Society of Women Engineers told CNN.Our Invent it. Built it. program Oct. 25 in Los Angeles will expose girls in the sixth to eighth grade to the creative, collaborate nature of a rewarding career in engineering.

Registration continues through Oct. 11 and additionally provides educators and parents with the tools they need to nurture the future engineers in their lives."5. "Start them young." is Michelle Sun Founder and CEO of First Code Academy's advice.STEM fields are often thought of as a career path for the boys, globally and no less common in Asia.

We observe brothers in a family are more likely to be enrolled to our kids coding classes. However the amazing thing we found with students from 8 - 11 years old is that our female students come to our programs with minimal preconception of what programming is about.They approached it with much enthusiasm and confidence, just as any other hobbies or subjects.

By starting them young we provide them a chance to experience the STEM field first hand."6. "I believe one on one mentoring programs with accomplished female STEM professionals will help bring girls in to the STEM field." says Adeola Shasanya who recently co-founded Afro-Tech Girls and works at the Lagos State Electricity Board as an Electrical Engineering and Renewables Consultant.Fun technical workshops could also help spark a STEM interest for girls.

I believe work shadowing a female stemist in a typical work environment could enlighten the girls on what work would be like as a STEMist."7. Haiyan Zhang Innovation Director at Lift London Microsoft Studios believes confidence is key; "Insatiable curiosity and the self confidence to make change in the world -- two qualities that are key to instil in the female innovators of the future.Science, technology, engineering and mathematics become the tools with which to explore curiosity and to create change.8. "Women are the future of technology and today's technology is fun and cool." says Weili Dai President and Co-founder of Marvell Technology GroupIt's not just about developing nerdy" stuff it's about turning technology into fashionable and user-friendly smart solutions.A woman's natural talent is design, and the look and feel, and making these things fit into our lifestyles.I believe by embracing STEM and leveraging inherent strength of women -- the sense of responsibility, passion, compassion, and pride we dedicate to family and community -- and applying it to business can make women the X factor in the new era of global growth and prosperity for the Smart Life and Smart Lifestyle.""9. "Time and again I hear from women who chose their STEM career because they were inspired by a successful woman who proved it could be done." adds Suw Charman-Anderson Founder of Ada Lovelace Day.Role models are incredibly important, both to girls and to women, and we need to show girls just how exciting, fulfilling and enjoyable a career in STEM can be.We must prove that there is a path for them to tread by telling the stories, past and present, of the women who've built, invented, discovered and explained the world around us, but who so often go unmentioned.10."To get more girls in STEM let's go for collective action..." says Julie Kantor Chief Partnership Officer at Million Women Mentors.Of 368,000 high school girls who want to pursue STEM only 4% said they had a mentor encouraging them. Commit to mentoring a girl or young woman in STEM skills. Or offer an internship with a designated mentor at your company.

Ladies and gentlemen let's get a million STEM mentors by 2018."Read: 12 inspirational quotes from women scientistsRelive: Twitter chat as it happened: 'How can we get girls into STEM?'Quiz:10 female scientists you should know Beijing (CNN)Chinese-style air rage is now served both hot and cold.Last month a China-bound Thai AirAsia flight was forced to return to Bangkok after a female Chinese passenger threw hot water on a flight attendant amid a heated argument between her boyfriend and the cabin crew over service.On Saturday passengers on a plane departing Kunming Changshui International Airport in southwestern China angry with the crew for turning off the air-conditioning during the de-icing process opened three emergency exits just as their plane was pushing back from the gate.The flight was canceled and 25 passengers onboard were detained.China Eastern Airlines flight MU2036 bound for Beijing was already seven hours behind schedule at 3:45 a.m. when crew began to de-ice the plane at the Kunming airport which saw more than 100 flights delayed or canceled that night because of snowy weather.Frustrated by the lengthy delay some of the 153 passengers -- who had been sitting on the plane for two hours -- exploded with rage when the air-conditioning stopped and an elderly passenger complained about discomfort due to the stuffy cabin airport police told state media Saturday night.Dissatisfied with the pilot's explanation about the need for air-conditioning to be off during the 30-minute de-icing process members of a tour group started quarreling with the crew according to police.When the Boeing 737-800 jet finally pushed back from the gate three of its four over-the-wing emergency exits suddenly popped open.Photos circulating on social media show two opened exits on the right side of the cabin with passengers still seated as well as crews and police on board documenting evidence.Air rage and emergency exists: Stormy weeks in Chinese aviationAnger common in delay-prone ChinaAfter detaining and questioning all 25 members of the tour group the authorities announced that a male member of the group prompted by a female tour guide opened two exits on the right side.Both were sent to jail for 15 days while police continued to look for the person who opened the exit on the left side.As news of the incident spread some Chinese Internet users sympathized with the perpetrators because of the delay but many considered their punishment too lenient and suggested airlines should blacklist them for life.Air rage is a common sight in delay-prone China and Saturday's episode was not the first dramatic incident involving irate passengers at Kunming airport.One of the country's busiest hubs more than 32 million fliers passed through its terminal last year.In August 2012 31 passengers from a long-delayed flight tried to stop other planes from leaving Kunming by forcing their way onto the tarmac and occupying a taxiway for half an hour state-run Xinhua news agency reported.The following February some 50 passengers from a canceled flight stormed several gates at the airport in an attempt to prevent other travelers from boarding their flights.Police had to disperse the angry crowd with pepper spray according to Xinhua.Exporting air rageWith the exponential growth of outbound tourism Chinese travelers now seem to be exporting their air rage overseas as well with several incidents resulting in flight delays or diversions recorded in recent years.In February 2012 a Chinese couple was kicked off their United flight from Guam to Shanghai after they repeatedly yelled at a flight attendant and told her to "shut up" when she tried to move their luggage in the overhead bin to accommodate other passengers.In September that year a Swiss flight bound for Beijing was forced to return to Zurich when a fight broke out between two Chinese men over a reclined seat.In February 2014 a fight erupted between two groups of Chinese passengers before their flight could take off from the Thai resort island of Phuket resulting in 29 people being taken off the plane.Then in April a Thai Airways red-eye from Bangkok to Beijing turned bloody when a brawl involving three Chinese men broke out.During an official visit to the Maldives in September President Xi Jinping personally asked Chinese tourists to behave themselves while traveling abroad.Last year the government released a lengthy list of do's and don'ts aimed at turning Chinese travelers into "civilized tourists." Washington (CNN) -- Equal pay for women raising the minimum wage immigration reform combating climate change and virtually swearing off extended wars.All are catnip for the political left and all were highlighted by President Barack Obama this week as he informally launched the November election campaign for 36 Senate seats and a new House of Representatives.By flying the Democratic banner so high in Tuesday's State of the Union address and subsequent road show to four states Obama tried to signal unity with his liberal base and provide the party's candidates with ammunition for elections certain to be "spirited" -- the Washington euphemism for fierce and nasty.The president wants to highlight differences between the parties and show that Democrats are on the side of ordinary people, said Darrell West the vice president for governance studies at the Brookings Institution. "That's how he won in 2012 and that's the strategy in 2014."Focus on women minoritiesHence the emphasis on policies that benefit women and minorities and appeal to younger voters.On Tuesday and in subsequent speeches in Maryland Pennsylvania Wisconsin and Tennessee Obama called for equal pay for women and made sure to include references to the popular first lady.When women succeed America succeeds, he said Thursday in Waukesha Wisconsin. "And by the way when women succeed men succeed. I don't know about all the guys here but you know when Michelle is doing good and happy I am happy too. I'm just sayin'."The President also called in his State of the Union speech for raising the minimum wage from $7.25 an hour to $10.10 taking the first step himself by announcing he will unilaterally give the raise to workers under federal contracts. Republicans oppose the move in allegiance to their business supporters.According to Brown University political scientist Wendy Schiller Obama is focusing "on all the things that can help folks immediately even if the impact is small."Positioning the Democrats as the party of the working man and woman is old school but absolutely necessary if they are going to successfully counter the Republican resurgence among working class and independent voters, especially women, Schiller told CNN.Obama's 'Mad Men' remarkShe cited a remark from Obama's speech Tuesday that received prolonged applause from legislators jamming the packed House chamber -- the President's call for ending unfair workplace policies for women "that belong in a 'Mad Men' episode."When both the Democratic and Republican members of Congress stood up and applauded after the famous 'Mad Men episode' quote, it was clear that each party sees women as the crucial swing factor in the 2014 elections, Schiller said.On the GOP side she described the choice of Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington to deliver the party's formal response Tuesday night as "smart politics."Obama's re-election victory in 2012 owed much to a solid majority among women voters including independents turned off by hardline anti-abortion policies of Republicans.The Democratic-fueled accusation of a GOP "war on women" gained traction with infamous missteps by Republican candidates such as former Rep. Todd Akin of Missouri who claimed that women rarely get pregnant from "legitimate" rape. Akin lost his bid to unseat Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill in the Show Me State.Now a concerted Republican outreach to women voters means Democrats "can't just count on another Todd Akin to save the Senate in 2014 Schiller said, adding that they all have to work to produce federal policies that help working families in order to sustain that advantage."GOP must walk the talkWest said Republicans must follow stated intentions with action when it comes to diversifying their policies and supporters.They have to become something other than the party of angry white men, he said adding the GOP also must make "meaningful changes in public policy" because "they can't spin their way out of political problems by highlighting women and minorities."While specifying issues advantageous to Democrats Obama also has jabbed at Republicans this week on another matter that resonates with voters -- the perception that political intransigence led by tea party conservatives stymies progress in Washington.Republicans got the blame for last year's highly unpopular 16-day government shutdown when conservatives led by GOP Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas tried to link a funding measure to dismantling the 2010 health care reforms they detest.To Obama Republicans must decide "whether they're going to waste time creating new crises that slow things down or whether they're going to spend time creating new jobs and opportunity he said Thursday.

In what he depicted as a presidential declaration of independence from congressional dysfunction, Obama said I want to work with them but I can't wait for them."Immigration reformAnother topic: reforming the immigration system with Obama and Democrats seeking a path to legal status for the millions of people living illegally in the country.Republicans are desperate to reduce the Democratic advantage among Hispanic Americans the nation's largest minority demographic. But House Republicans remain unlikely to support a comprehensive Senate plan that passed with bipartisan support and has Obama's backing.Instead House Speaker John Boehner and other Republicans call for a piecemeal approach to try to show empathy with Latinos while avoiding a backlash by conservatives that would worsen an already damaging internal GOP rift.On other issues Obama reiterated his push for unspecified action against climate change and made clear that with the Afghanistan war finally winding down he has no intention of committing America to another prolonged engagement.I will not send our troops into harm's way unless it is truly necessary; nor will I allow our sons and daughters to be mired in open-ended conflicts, he said. "We must fight the battles that need to be fought not those that terrorists prefer from us."He also refused to back down from withering criticism from the political right about the health care reforms known as Obamacare offering a strong defense of the benefits and telling Republicans to quit trying to undermine the law.Democratic unity?Schiller said Democrats need to remain unified on Obamacare and other issues to run as a national party as much as possible even though the November elections are at the state and district level.When Obamacare was brought up in the State of the Union, they all stood up and applauded, even Democratic senators who could be in trouble on the issue in their re-election races, she said. "If there are any cracks in that united front for the Democrats as champions of middle class and working folks it undermines not only their 2014 chances but the remainder of the Obama presidential agenda."While unity may exist in policy some Democratic candidates facing tough elections don't want to campaign with Obama due to public opposition to Obamacare and slower-than-desired economic growth and job creation.On Thursday Republican Gov. Scott Walker welcomed Obama to his state with an airport handshake but Walker's Democratic challenger Mary Burke was nowhere to be seen.Republicans believe they can win control of the Senate by taking six seats from Democrats in November. The House is likely to remain in Republican hands with the outcomes of 90% of the races considered safely predictable and Democrats needing to win most of the others to regain the majority according to West.It's an uphill battle for Democrats to retake the House, he said calling the situation "pretty much a matter of arithmetic." DINGLE Ireland (CNN) -- Fewer tourists and relatively warm temperatures may be reason enough to put Ireland on your list of winter travel destinations especially Dingle Peninsula once ranked by National Geographic Traveler as "the most beautiful place on Earth."Winter offers tourists a chance to explore Ireland's west coast  unhindered by bothersome crowds.The peninsula on Ireland's west coast includes the oceanside town of Dingle which boasts more than 1000 full-time residents.Winter visitors will avoid the area's hundreds of thousands of summertime tourists.Boats crowd Dingle's popular marina bringing fresh seafood catches of the day.Some of the marina vessels also will ferry visitors to see Fungie a locally famous dolphin who has lived in the waters outside town since 1984.  See breathtaking photos of Dingle »Outside Dingle numerous vacation cottages are available to rent including homes in the village of Dunquin. In winter rates are drastically cut and rental period dates may be more flexible.Most shops and restaurants have shorter hours during winter and traditional music is found in some of the pubs on the weekends.As with most of Ireland pubs abound even in the smallest villages. A beer (preferably Guinness) and some hearty pub grub are a perfect way to cap a day of exploring the wintry sights of the peninsula.Because Ireland sits near the warm waters of the Atlantic Gulf Stream the Emerald Isle has an average temperature of 46 degrees Fahrenheit (7 Celsius) during December January and February.But pack smart and bring layers of clothing including warm sweaters and jackets because winter weather often means rain on Ireland's western shore. (CNN) -- "It's the hour for us in this country to turn it back toward the Lord. We're much more than 'hallelujah' people. We're into government and we are into politics. We are a force to be reckoned with."Wilfredo De Jesus wants his message heard loud and clear: Evangelical Latino Protestants in the United States are more relevant than ever. And they're up for grabs ahead of the 2014 midterm elections.One of the leading voices of the fast-growing evangelical Protestant Latino voting bloc in the past 14 years as the senior pastor of New Life Covenant Ministries in Chicago De Jesus has seen the church grow from "68 people in one of the worst parts of the nation to over 20000."Last year he was named one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people in the world.We're very vocal now, he said. "In the last 10 years you've seen this bloc of people has grown. And we have tremendous influence. Especially in politics."A new study by a nonpartisan research institute based in Washington suggests that he's right.The 2013 Hispanic Values Survey released recently by the Public Religion Research Institute showed a sharp shift in religious demographics among Latinos. It's that complex religious divide that could be the key to the Republican Party making inroads in the community during the next election cycle.The number of evangelical Protestants nearly doubled from 7% to 13% when you compare childhood religious affiliation to current religious affiliation, said the institute's Chief Executive Officer Robert P. Jones.That's between 7.5 million and 8 million "quintessential swing voters."An 'affinity for the Republican Party'The door is the most open to Republican candidates and the Republican Party Jones said.Evangelicals have the most affinity for the Republican Party. While nearly half lean towards the Democratic Party, almost as many lean towards the Republican Party at 43%.The findings were taken from a random sample survey of 1563 respondents who identified as Hispanic living in the U.S.De Jesus -- or "Pastor Choco as he is more commonly known -- believes that evangelical Protestants are what the country needs right now" and could be the key not only for the GOP winning big during the midterms but also for Republicans to get back to the White House.We've learned from the Bible that when the righteous govern, the people rejoice. And (Latinos) haven't seen our people rejoice for quite some time, he said. "At the core of evangelicals is the fear of God and the institution of family. These are things we feel we can bring back to this nation."'We need to do a better job communicating'Latino evangelicals might be ripe for Republican influence but getting them to vote red is a different story.Angel Garcia president of the Chicago Young Republicans said that although the survey gives the GOP reason to be hopeful the party needs to be more proactive within the community.We've done a bad job of managing our brand. We've let a handful of people in our party, that have made some unfortunate statements, control the party's message, Garcia said.The 38-year-old attorney and lifelong Republican said that as the son of Mexican immigrants "it's disappointing as a Latino when you hear people making ignorant statements (in the party). But both sides make ignorant statements. I am a leader in the party. I have lived the Latino culture. It's my job to show the voters and pretty much the entire party that we need to do a better job communicating."He's talking about statements like this one by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney describing his plan to deal with undocumented immigrants during a 2012 primary debate: "The answer is self-deportation which is people decide they can do better by going home because they can't find work here because they don't have legal documentation to allow them to work here."When he said that, I looked over at my wife and said, 'He just lost thousands, if not millions, of us.' Immigration ... it's a preeminent issue for us, said the Rev. Gabriel Salguero president of the National Latino Evangelical Coalition.A focus on immigration reformMuch like his friend De Jesus Salguero believes that Latino evangelicals are the key to victory for any politician. Nowhere is this more evident than on the issue of immigration reform.Evangelicals are coming to a boiling point on this issue. We've prayed about this, held meetings with the White House; we've done all we can, he said from Newark New Jersey. "Let me be clear: We face the issue of immigration every day as pastors as caretakers as Latinos. This is on the top of our political agenda. It would be disingenuous of me to say it doesn't carry heavy electoral gravitas."Both Salguero and De Jesus were advisers to President Barack Obama on the immigration issue. It's an area where they feel he's failed. Republicans have the chance to capitalize on it according to De Jesus.Barack flipped on us, De Jesus said. "I traveled for Obama for 14 months as a surrogate. I talked to the White House and I said 'the president cannot speak from both sides of his mouth.' It's only right for the Republicans to say 'let's win back this Latino bloc at least the evangelicals.' That starts with the immigration issue."The dismal Latino turnout for Romney was a stark contrast to the momentum developed for years under President George W. Bush who won 44% of the Latino vote in 2004 compared with the 27% Romney received eight years later.After the 2012 election the GOP held a postmortem emphasizing Hispanic outreach but it's still unclear how much of a priority Republicans have made Latino voters. At the latest Conservative Political Action Conference a panel on minority outreach had dismally low attendance.Disapproval of both partiesThe Hispanic Values Survey showed that while there is "dissatisfaction" among Latino voters with the Democratic Party on issues like record deportation numbers under Obama there is "distrust" of the Republican Party within the Latino community.The Democratic Party has a less bumpy road ahead, Jones said. "The clearest word of caution to Democrats ... one phrase that is a bellwether question of how well to gauge voters is 'How well does the party care about people like you?' "Nearly three in 10 or 29% said "neither party cares about them according to the survey.

Democrats certainly don't have this community locked down. That's a pretty clear indication that there's significant dissatisfaction among Latinos with both parties Jones said.

That's not necessarily a reason for us to be optimistic. We have to be realistic and more proactive said Daniel Ballori, president of the Young Republican Federation of Puerto Rico.

The 31-year-old said the focus for the Republicans in winning more Latino votes should be on the economy, whether they are courting evangelical Protestants or others in the community.

Jobs and unemployment. The figures show that U.S.-born Latinos care about the same issues that non-Latino Anglos care about. Right now that's jobs and unemployment Ballori said.

He may be on to something. Though the issue of immigration reform was ranked high among the concerns of Latino voters, it was in a four-way tie for the third most important issue behind the economy and affordable health care, according to Public Religion Research Institute research.

Garcia said the solution to courting more Latino voters comes down to the rhetoric.

Regardless of party Hispanics will go to the candidate that supports them. We're the party of (Marco) Rubio (Brian) Sandoval and (Susana) Martinez. Our message should be one of inclusion Garcia said.

The question then becomes, how do they do that?

These politicians are so full of it to get elected De Jesus said. Give us someone who is real and speaks the truth and is going to do what they say and mean it. We'll vote for them whatever party they're from." (CNN) -- A high-speed passenger train left its tracks on the outskirts of Split Croatia Friday killing at least six people and injuring 45 according to Croatian police.The high-speed train derailed on the outskirts of Split Croatia about noon on Friday.The train was on its way from the Croatian capital Zagreb when it derailed about 20 kilometers (12 miles) from it's destination of Split about noon said Marina Kraljevic-Gudelj a spokeswoman for police in Split.This is a huge tragedy, so there is no place for speculation, she said.Police had launched an investigation into the cause of the crash.CNN's Per Nyberg contributed to this report. Just over half the public says that it's bad for the country that the GOP controls the House of Representatives according to a new national poll conducted after the end of the partial government shutdown.And the CNN/ORC International survey also indicates that more than six in 10 Americans say that Speaker of the House John Boehner should be replaced.The poll was conducted Friday through Sunday just after the end of the 16-day partial federal government shutdown that was caused in part by a push by House conservatives to try and dismantle the health care law which is President Barack Obama's signature domestic achievement.Full poll results (pdf)According to the survey 54% say it's a bad thing that the GOP controls the House up 11 points from last December soon after the 2012 elections when the Republicans kept control of the chamber. Only 38% say it's a good thing the GOP controls the House a 13-point dive from the end of last year.Defeated GOP wants to unite and fight another dayThis is the first time since the Republicans won back control of the House in the 2010 midterm elections that a majority say their control of the chamber is bad for the country.CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said there is time for Republicans to recover before the 2014 midterms.The midterm election is a year away. There's plenty of time for Republicans to work on the brand, but they've taken a bit of a beating here. They've got some work to do. They need a bit of a makeover, King said.Majority want Boehner outWe fought the good fight. We just didn't win, Boehner said at the end of the shutdown. And while he received a standing ovation at a closed gathering of House Republicans as the crisis came to a close he may not see anything to applaud in the new poll.John Boehner fares just as badly as the GOP, CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said. "Sixty-three percent of all Americans think that Boehner should be replaced as Speaker of the House a view shared by roughly half of all Republicans."Fleischer: Shutdown deal is a 15-yard puntAccording to the poll only 30% of the public says Boehner who became Speaker in January 2011 should continue in that role.Congress near historic lowsThe survey indicates that the approval rating for Congress remains near an all-time low. Only 12% of those questioned say they approve of the job Congress is doing just two points higher than the historic low in CNN polling. And 86% give federal lawmakers a thumbs-down also near the all-time high.Forty-four percent say they approve of the job the President is doing with 52% saying they disapprove.Four things we learned from government shutdownBarack Obama's numbers are pretty anemic, but he remains in much better shape than the GOP, Holland said. "Even though Obama's approval rating remains stuck in the mid-40s it didn't take a hit during the shutdown -- 44% just before the shutdown began; 44% now."According to the survey 44% also say they have more confidence in Obama rather than the GOP in Congress to deal with the major issues facing the country today a 5-point drop from last year; 31% say they have more confidence in congressional Republicans unchanged from last December.Obama wants new approach after shutdownThe biggest change on that question is the 21% who volunteer that they don't have confidence in either side -- a remarkably high number that is roughly double its usual level, Holland said.Majority favor health care law or say it doesn't go far enoughEven though they lost this round conservatives vow to continue their fight to dismantle Obamacare. And they point to major troubles with the rollout of the website where Americans without insurance can enroll in the new health care exchanges.The president addressed the debacle at an event Monday at the White House saying there was no way to sugarcoat the issues that applicants have experienced.According to the poll just more than four in 10 say they favor the law with 56% opposed to it.But of those opposed 38% say they are against the law because they think it's too liberal and 12% say it's not liberal enough. That means that 53% either support Obamacare or say it's not liberal enough.The health care numbers are little changed from late last month just before the start of the shutdown.Congressional fight over Obamacare turns to website woesThe poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International with 841 adults nationwide questioned by telephone. The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. Los Angeles (CNN) -- A former Los Angeles cop with military training vowed war against other men in blue Thursday leaving one officer dead days after he allegedly killed two other people to begin a wave of retribution for being fired police said.The focus of the intensive expansive manhunt is Christopher Jordan Dorner a 270-pound former Navy lieutenant who has professed his venom against LAPD officers he claimed ruined his life by forcing him out of his dream job.Dorner blames one retired officer for bungling his appeal to get his job back in an 11-page manifesto in which he also complained of mistreatment by the LAPD. In that letter -- provided to CNN by an LAPD source -- he vowed to violently target police officers and their families whoever and wherever they are.I will bring unconventional and asymmetrical warfare to those in LAPD uniform whether on or off duty, Dorner wrote.I never had the opportunity to have a family of my own, I'm terminating yours.Authorities believe he followed through on his threats early Thursday by shooting a Riverside California police officer and two others. A day earlier Irvine police named Dorner a suspect in the double slayings Sunday of a woman -- identified by Los Angeles police as the daughter of a retired LAPD officer -- and her fiance.My opinion of the suspect is unprintable, said Riverside police Chief Sergio Diaz hours after one of his officers was killed. "The manifesto I think speaks for itself (as) evidence of a depraved and abandoned mind and heart."The violence as well as Dorner's background as a police officer and military trained marksman left police on edge around Southern California.In Torrance LAPD officers guarding one of Dorner's alleged targets mistakenly opened fire on a blue pickup truck that resembled one Dorner was thought to be driving said Los Angeles police Chief Charlie Beck.The gunfire left two people wounded Beck said. Torrance police also fired on another blue pickup but no one was injured in that incident according to a senior law enforcement source.In downtown Los Angeles police wearing body armor patrolled outside their own iconic headquarters.Police have good reason to be fearful the chief said.Of course, he knows what he's doing. We trained him, Beck said. "He was also a member of the armed forces. It is extremely worrisome and scary especially to the officers involved."The manhunt for Dorner spanned hundreds of miles and numerous counties. By Thursday afternoon it was largely centered around Big Bear Lake -- about 100 miles east of Los Angeles -- where authorities found the truck the suspect allegedly used in the Riverside shooting.KTLA: Manhunt for former cop after officers shotPolice confirmed that the vehicle which was burnt out when it was found belonged to Dorner by its vehicle identification number San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said.This discovery spurred more officers to converge on the area to conduct beefed up patrols staff checkpoints and go to every residence in the mountain community. McMahon acknowledged the fire may have been set as a diversionary tactic though law enforcement isn't taking any chances. Early Thursday evening he said that aerial and K9 searches on the ground will "continue as long as we can" -- though snow is coming -- and urged locals to be on alert.He could be anywhere at this point, and that's why we're searching door to door, the sheriff said.1 cop dies in 'cowardly ambush'It all started Sunday when Dorner allegedly killed two people in Irvine according to police.Police identified the victims as Monica Quan and her fiance Keith Lawrence.Quan 27 was the daughter of retired Los Angeles police Officer Randal Quan LAPD Officer Tenesha Dobine told CNN. In his manifesto Dorner said Quan handled his appeal.On Tuesday Dorner checked into the Navy Gateway Inns and Suites on San Diego's large naval base Cmdr. Brad Fagan said.Dorner likely had access to the hotel because he'd been honorably discharged from the Navy Reserve said the Navy spokesman. Having retired February 1 as a lieutenant Dorner worked with mobile inshore undersea warfare units and provided security on oil platforms in Iraq according to Pentagon records. He was rated as a rifle marksman and pistol expert.He did not physically check out Wednesday as expected Fagan told reporters.Police in San Diego say a man who could have been Dorner tried to hijack a boat there on Wednesday. Someone later found a wallet containing Dorner's identification and an LAPD detective's badge near the San Diego airport according to police. It was unclear whether the badge was legitimate.Timeline in manhunt for former L.A. copBy about 1 a.m. Thursday the scene had shifted about 100 miles north to Corona California.There a pair of LAPD officers on a protection detail were flagged down by a citizen who reported seeing the suspect's vehicle LAPD Deputy Chief Jose Perez said.The officers chased the vehicle and caught up to it on an Interstate 15 off-ramp.The officers were fired upon with a shoulder weapon, Perez said with one of them suffering a "graze wound" to his head. The police returned fire while the suspect set off once again.About 20 minutes later two police officers were in their car at a stop light in Riverside when Dorner allegedly pulled up beside them.That driver unleashed "multiple rounds" from a rifle at the officers riddling the cop car with bullets and leaving a 34-year-old officer who had been on the Riverside force for 11 years dead according to Diaz. The other officer 27 was "seriously wounded but we expect a full recovery the Riverside police chief said.

KCBS: Riverside officer fatally shot

It was a cowardly ambush said Diaz, claiming Dorner has no connection" to his city.A good Samaritan picked up one of their police radios and called dispatchers to send help Riverside police said.Suspect calls attacks 'a necessary evil'In addition to posting his manifesto online Dorner reached out directly to CNN mailing a parcel to AC360 anchor Anderson Cooper's office at CNN in New York.The package arrived on February 1 and was opened by Cooper's assistant. Inside was a hand-labeled DVD accompanied by a yellow Post-it note reading in part "I never lied" -- apparently in reference to his 2008 dismissal from the LAPD.The package also contained a coin wrapped in duct tape. The tape bears the hand-written inscription: "Thanks but no thanks Will Bratton." It also had letters that may be read as "IMOA" which could be a commonly used Internet abbreviation for "Imagine a More Open America or possibly 1 MOA which means one minute of angle, perhaps implying Dorner was notably accurate with a firearm.

The coin is a souvenir medallion from former LAPD Chief William Bratton, of a type often given out as keepsakes. This one, though, was shot through with bullet holes: three bullet holes to the center and another shot nicked off the top.

The editorial staff of AC360 and CNN management were made aware of the package Thursday. Upon learning of its existence, they alerted Bratton and law enforcement.

Bratton headed the LAPD at the time Dorner was dismissed.

The dispute centers on a 2007 incident in San Pedro involving a man's arrest at a DoubleTree hotel. Two weeks later, Dorner accused his training officer of kicking the man after he'd given up.

The investigators' report said the delay in reporting the alleged misconduct coupled with the witness' statements irreparably destroy Dorner's credibility." The report cited contradictory accounts from the arrested man and his father and denials by the accused officer and three hotel employees that the arrested man had been kicked. Dorner claims he was wrongly ousted for blowing the whistle on what he insists was police abuse.Suspect's grudge dates back to 2007 complaintDorner challenged his firing for years losing at every turn. First the police department's Board of Rights rejected his appeal. Then in October 2011 a judge ruled against his appeal according to court records.Beck the Los Angeles police chief said Thursday that Dorner's case had been "thoroughly reviewed" and said the department would not apologize to Dorner or clear his name.But as his manifesto shows Dorner is showing no sign of relenting.He complained he had been railroaded out of the department after reporting police brutality by another officer. Dorner also complained of a continuing culture of racism and brutality in the LAPD.Attacks on other police officers and their families he said are "a necessary evil that I do not enjoy but must partake and complete for substantial change to occur within the LAPD and reclaim my name."Look your wives/husbands and surviving children directly in the face and tell them the truth as to why your children are dead, Dorner wrote.Such a chilling warning prompted Los Angeles police to set up 40 protective details in an effort to safeguard people listed in Dorner's letter Beck said.The chief acknowledged that this effort was taxing the department which has been placed under tactical alert meaning all officers must stay on duty.It's extremely, extremely manpower intensive, Beck said. "But the safety of my employees people that come on the job to protect the lives of strangers is extremely important to me. And I will expend whatever resource is necessary."KABC: Former cop shoots three officersCNN's AnneClaire Stapleton Sara Weisfeldt Barbara Starr Pete Janos Mallory Simon and Deanna Hackney contributed to this report. Hong Kong (CNN)A daring cross-border raid by one of Russian President Vladimir Putin's associates has -- so far -- yet to sour Sino-Russian relations.According to Chinese state media Ustin one of three rescued  Amur tigers released by the Russian leader earlier this year has attacked a herd of goats on Heixiazi Island in the northern province of Heilongjiang.The region shares a border with Russia's far-eastern Amur region and it is thought that the tiger crossed the Heilongjiang river to hunt.Russian conservationists rescued five cubs in 2012 and the Russian president was on hand for their release following rehabilitation and hunting training.The animals were fitted with tracking devices and in October Ustin along with another released tiger Kuzya were found to have made their way to China.A wildlife protection expert from China's Northeast Forestry University Zhu Shibing said that footprints and other traces left near the goat's shelter belonged to Ustin.Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that the skulls of the two dead goats were crushed and had puncture wounds the "size of a human finger" -- a testament to the power of the tiger's bite. Three further goats remain missing.Our monitoring data and this attack all tell that Ustin is in good physical condition, and has a large range of activities on Heixiazi Island, Xinhua quoted Zhu as saying.He also warned villagers to keep their distance should they spot the goat killer and to not throw food at it.Kuzya the other tiger known to have crossed into China was previously blamed for an attack on a Chinese hen-house.The Russian leader has been involved in conservation efforts of the species.He is often photographed with tigers and other wild animals and takes part in a number of outdoor activities in an apparent effort to bolster his image as a strong intrepid leader.Putin becomes eighth-degree karate black belt A few hours before Hillary Clinton addressed an audience of around 6000 people near Denver the former secretary of state did what few people looking to sell a book would do: She toured a plastics factory.Clinton aides say the event was tied to her family's foundation  -- the Clinton Global Initiative -- and the fact that its annual meeting will be held in Denver later this month.But the optics of the event said something different.After touring the factory and giving short remarks about the power of American business -- "I am convinced that American businesses can compete and win against anybody anywhere if we are at the top of our game she said -- Clinton stepped off the stage and headed to a rope line of eager factory workers and camera-toting employees.

Let me shake a few more hands Clinton said, a comment reminiscent of refrains made by Iowa- or New Hampshire-bound politicians.

In the last month, these two facts have been evident: Clinton-land wants you to know she has a memoir -- Hard Choices" -- coming out on June 10 and she has become more open about her presidential ambitions.Clinton discusses Berghdal in bookAnd the two have a lot to do with one another.Instead of surrounding herself with the regular PR flacks and publicists in preparation to sell her book Clinton has brought on seasoned campaign veterans and political communicators. Sources close to Clinton are talking about "war rooms" and "surrogate operations" instead of book signings.Clinton to take part in CNN town hall as book launchesThis is a very well orchestrated roll out that is going to make the book have far more impact and, yes, will add to her sense of candidacy, said David Gergen a senior political analyst with CNN who has deep connections with the Clintons. "I think what you will see with her over the next year until she makes a firm decision is an occasional set of events like this that will keep her fresh allow her to say her piece."'A very professional operation'In addition to helping Clinton the hypothetical candidate Gergen said the book rollout will help her staff.It gives them a sense of what a political campaign feels like, he said. "I don't think she has made her final call yet but she is clearly laying the groundwork in a way that suggests a very professional operation."Earlier this year the former senator was also more measured in her remarks and more sheepish when answering questions about 2016.In January Clinton told an audience in New Orleans that she "wasn't thinking about" running and that she has "tried to get other people not to think about it."In Portland she shrugged when asked about 2016 and walked off stage to a chorus of laughs. In Miami she commended the way the question was asked but failed to actually answer it.Fast-forward to June and Clinton was more openly talking about the worst-kept-secret in Washington: She is thinking about running for president.In an interview with People Magazine that was part of the book rollout Clinton said she knows she has "a decision to make" on 2016 and that she will "just have to make my own decision about what I think is right for me."In her Colorado speech on Monday -- the one after her campaign style tour of the plastics plant -- Clinton called the presidency "as much a job as it is a mission" and when asked about how difficult it is to run she remarked that she "luckily" has "a lot of resilience and a lot of stamina."Her rhetoric too has started to sound more like a campaign.At the end of the speech in Colorado on Monday Clinton closed with what sounded like an impassioned plea for support and if the venue was different for votes.Please join me, she said her voice raising over the roaring crowd "in making some hard choices for America."Seasoned hands help communicate messageWith the stepped up rhetoric has come a more robust inner circle of Clinton aides to tightly and systematically trickle out information about the book.Once an operation with just a few press staff and advisers - along with dozens of informal friends and longtime confidants - the Clinton world has added a few seasoned political hands to help communicate Clinton's message around the book.The Clinton team brought on Tommy Vietor a National Security Council spokesman during Obama's first term to coordinate and assist in the response to the book and questions about Clinton's record at the State Department.It has also tapped Kiki McLean a former Clinton senior adviser and veteran of five presidential campaigns to coordinate the surrogate operation around the book.With the new hires comes what one source called a war room of former diplomats who stand ready to respond to criticism of Clinton's tenure at the State Department.It is safe to say that Clinton's book roll out is one of the first to use phrases like war room and surrogate operation.One of Clinton's closest advisers - Philippe Reines - also briefed a group of Democratic national security experts and communicators last week on the political scrutiny over the Benghazi terror attack and the themes of Clinton's book.The meeting was tightly controlled by Clinton's advisers who told attendees that there would be no leaking what was discussed in the briefing.Outside groups have also begun to step up their activity around the book.Correct the Record a pro-Clinton messaging and rapid response organization with deep ties to Clinton hosted media training for their surrogates in May.Ready for Hillary a pro-Clinton super PAC that is building grassroots support for the former first lady announced on Wednesday that they would follow Clinton's book tour in "The Hillary Bus a mobile venue for the group to sign up supporters and support the pseudo-campaign.

The groups that have Hillary's back

Leaks and excerpts trickle out

As her aides have been planning and preparing, Clinton has been all over the news. She appeared on the View in May - joking that she was running ... around the park" -- and details about her book have slowly leaked out on a nearly daily basis.The first book excerpts came out in early May when in honor of Mother's Day Vogue published a passage of Clinton's book that was dedicated to her mother. Then came the book's Author's Note put out by Simon & Schuster the book's publisher.Shortly after that the most highly anticipated chapter of Clinton's book - her recollections and thoughts about Benghazi - was leaked to Politico. The speculation was that Clinton's staff wanted to get the news out of the way early so that it wouldn't shadow the rest of the book.On Thursday CBS reported that Clinton talks about negotiations for captured soldier Bowe Bergdahl's release and her differences with Obama over arming Syrian rebels in the book which it said it had gotten a copy of.Along the way locations for Clinton's book tour were released: New York City Chicago Washington D.C. Los Angeles and San Francisco to name a few.If all of this seems reminiscent of a campaign that's because it is. Seasoned staff effective surrogate operations and coordinated leaks are what can make or break a political campaign.And as is evident with Clinton's stepped up presence and the slow trickle of news about her campaign Clinton's book tour appears to be as much a memoir roll out as it is political tune up. (CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the match with a stunning backheel as Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano to stay 10 points clear in the Spanish title race Sunday.Real had to work hard to emerge on top in the capital derby at the Vallecas while arch-rivals Barcelona won 2-1 against Atletico Madrid in the late kickoff to avoid falling further behind Jose Mourinho's men.The reigning champions owed their win to a Lionel Messi free-kick in the 80th minute. It was his 28th league goal of the season one fewer than Ronaldo.Dani Alves opened the scoring on 36 minutes but Radamel Falcao equalized at the beginning of the second half for the home side.Earlier the first half of the clash between the Madrid rivals was short of chances but Rayo came closest to scoring as Michu rattled the woodwork with Iker Casillas beaten.Ronaldo struck shortly after the break following a corner. He was running away to chase a loose ball but then fashioned an incredible backheeled effort which flew into the net.A backheel is always different. It was a great goal but I'm not sure if it was the best of my career -- I have to see it again on TV, Ronaldo told AFP.Jose Callejon later wasted a chance to double the lead for Los Blancos to calm their nerves.Ronaldo was also denied a second by home keeper Joel late on before the home side lost Michu to a red card for a rash challenge.It was Real's 21st league win of the season. (CNN) -- What would you see if you could fly over Mars in a plane and look out the window?Victoria Crater as seen by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. The crater is about half a mile in diameter.It must be something like the thousands of curious intriguing and spectacular images taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera mounted on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.The University of Arizona Tucson which operates HiRISE has just released a new batch of these photos taken in the last several months.You can check out the full set here.They reveal an alien landscape of craters valleys ridges channels weird surface patterns and other features in incredible detail.Take the stunning image on the left which shows the muffin-cup-like Victoria Crater a site once explored by the Mars rover Opportunity.The camera isn't looking straight down but is pointed 22 degrees east so we get a better view of the crater's slopes "comparable to a view from an airplane window the university says.

Looking at some of the photos, you feel like you're flying over the Grand Canyon or the Sahara. Others are distinctly extraterrestrial in nature. In all cases, the images reveal lots of details about the surface of our neighbor in the solar system.

Each full image from HiRISE covers a strip of Martian ground 6 kilometers (3.7 miles) wide about two to four times that long showing details as small as 1 meter or yard across according to NASA's Web site.

It might be the closest thing to visiting Mars without leaving your chair.

 (CNN) -- The U.S. Supreme Court upheld President Barack Obama's sweeping health care legislation Thursday in a narrow 5-4 ruling that Obama says will provide up to 30 million additional Americans with health care.America doesn't have universal health care coverage -- what the World Health Organization (WHO) calls "a widely shared political aim of most countries" -- but neither do most other countries.Nearly 50 countries have attained universal or near-universal health coverage by 2008 according to the International Labor Organization. Several well-known examples exist like the UK which has the National Health Service and the Canadian public health care system.Here are more examples of countries have implemented near-universal health care.BrazilFree health care coverage is recognized as a citizen's right in Brazil.Brazilians have both a private and public health care system which was overhauled in 1988. The Sistema Ãšnico de SaÃºde a nationalized program provides primary health care while a network of public and contracted hospitals delivers specialist care.About 80 percent of Brazil's population relies on public care while the wealthiest 20% can afford private health care according to a Center for Strategic and International Studies report.Since the 1990s Brazil has also provided universal access to HIV/AIDS drugs.During the three decades since the nation's major health care changes infant mortality decreased and life expectancy increased by 10.6 years according to a 2011 article in medical journal The Lancet.But the system hasn't been without problems according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies report which alluded to gaps in the quality of care between various Brazilian regions.RwandaSince establishing a national health plan in 1999 Rwanda has insured about 91% of its population with health care -- a greater percentage than the United States.Rwanda has been dubbed "Africa's Singapore" by The Economist for its transformation since a devastating genocide in 1994.Watch Fareed Zakaria talk with Rwanda's presidentThe country has three health insurance plans one for government employees another for the military and the third for the remaining population. The country commits about 20% of its annual spending to health which is funded by tax revenues insurance premiums and financial support from international donations according to a WHO report.Since introducing health insurance Rwanda has seen lower childhood mortality rates; more people are also receiving medical attention. But the country faces challenges from an increase in health services and making contributions more affordable for its poorest citizens according to a WHO report.ThailandBy law Thailand requires all patients to be covered by health insurance regardless of their ability to pay.The WHO uses Thailand as an example of a low- or middle-income country that has been able to extend health coverage to all citizens.Introduced in 2002 as the "30-bhat scheme (which is less than $1), the plan added about 14 million previously uninsured people to the Thai system.

Prescription drugs, hospitalizations and services like chemotherapy, surgery and emergency care are free to patients, according to a WHO report.

But the addition of millions of people to a health care system strained the existing structures, prompting criticisms of long waits, poor quality of service and shortage of service.

South Korea

South Korea passed a law in 1977, mandating health insurance for industrial workers. During its rapid economic growth, health care became a priority for the government, which created the National Health Insurance. The system extended to universal coverage by 1989.

The government merged more than 300 individual insurers into a single national fund, according to a WHO report.

Korea's single-payer program has been successful in mobilizing resources for health care rapidly extending population coverage effectively pooling public and private resources to purchase health care for the entire population and containing health care expenditure according to a report published in Health Policy Plan.

But another report published in Health Affairs said that the public funding is limited, leaving beneficiaries with relatively high payments." South Korea's expenditure on health care is 6.3% of the country's gross domestic product compared with 18% in the United States.MoldovaThe Eastern European country became independent with the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991. By 2004 it began a mandatory health insurance program with the aim of providing the entire population with basic health care.Employed Moldovans chip in a portion of their income through a payroll tax or a flat-rate contribution. Others who are unemployed or not working are insured by the government.Its National Health Insurance Company is the sole buyer of health care services and organizes emergency primary and secondary care locally according to a report by the European Observatory on Health Systems and Policies a joint partnership between European governments and the World Health Organization.KuwaitKuwait's level of health care is comparable to average European standards according to the WHO's profile of the Middle Eastern country.The country began building up its health care system as it gained wealth from oil revenues. By the 1950s the government implemented free comprehensive health care. This resulted in declines in general mortality and infant deaths the report said. "Free health care was so extensive that it even included veterinary medicine according to a local WHO report.

Kuwait faces an aging population as well as an epidemic of diabetes, heart disease and obesity-related complications that place great demands on its health care system.

Chile

The Chilean constitution guarantees rights to health protection.

Chileans can opt for public care or get coverage from private health insurance companies. Wealthier citizens can buy insurance from the Instituciones de Salud Previsional or obtain coverage through their employer. A 7% income tax funds the public health care system, the Fondo Nacional de Salud, according to an analysis of health care reform in Chile.

Public care includes free medical, dental and midwifery services, which are run locally. Private insurance tends to focus on specialist treatment.

The existence of both public-private insurance has created inequities of care, prompting reform efforts in 2000 to increase equality across the country.

Chile has guaranteed universal access to quality treatment for some conditions including certain cancers, HIV/AIDS, pneumonia, depression and dental care, which has improved care for the poor, according to the WHO.

China

China announced an overhaul of its health system in 2009 to bring safe, affordable basic health services to all residents -- a tall order for a country containing 1.3 billion people.

The government committed about $126 billion to reform the quality and efficiency of its health care, and ensure affordable and quality medication.

But the issue of equity in health care persists. There are still significant disparities in health status between regions urban and rural areas and among population groups according to the WHO.

China has seen increased life expectancy and reductions in infant deaths, but health observers stated in the WHO report the need to improve delivery of care.

 San Francisco (CNN) -- The three largest U.S. cellular carriers by subscribers sell the latest iPhone and next week eighth-place C Spire Wireless will join the group.Some people were taken aback this week when C Spire which only has stores in Mississippi Southwest Alabama and Southwest Tennessee announced that it will begin carrying the iPhone 4 and 4S on November 11.Among those grumbling over the news were some of T-Mobile USA's 33.6 million subscribers. How they asked could a regional carrier get the coveted product before one of the big four?C Spire's infrastructure is based on a cell standard used by Verizon Wireless and Sprint Nextel which now both have the iPhone but it is not common in other countries. C Spire formerly Cellular South has a deal with Verizon so that customers who travel outside of its Mississippi home base can still make calls.Since C Spire's network uses the same underpinnings and antenna bands as Verizon Apple did not have to make modifications to its phones beyond what it already did for Verizon when it launched there in February. An Apple spokeswoman confirmed that C Spire would begin selling the phone next week but she did not respond to a question about whether the company needed to modify the hardware.The iPhone 4S Apple's newest gadget uses a special antenna receiver from Qualcomm that works on typically incompatible networks. "IPhone 4S is now a world phone so both GSM and CDMA customers can roam worldwide on GSM networks Bob Mansfield, Apple's head of hardware engineering, says in a promotional video.

T-Mobile's network runs on the global standard called GSM. AT&T Mobility also uses GSM. That's what makes T-Mobile an attractive takeover target for AT&T, which plans to bolster its own network using T-Mobile cell towers, as long as the merger is approved. (C Spire, along with Sprint, are suing to block the acquisition, saying it will reduce competition.)

While AT&T and T-Mobile use the same basic network infrastructure, their cell signals operate on different antenna bands. That prevents T-Mobile from easily making iPhones run on its network.

When asked why C Spire got the iPhone before T-Mobile, Brad Duea, a T-Mobile senior vice-president, smiled, having likely fielded the question before.

The iPhone already works with their bands he said in an interview on Wednesday. They didn't have to change anything."Since the original iPhone came out in 2007 owners have been able to take the devices to T-Mobile swap out a SIM card and use them on the network. But as Apple has added 3G and faster data speeds for AT&T the unofficial T-Mobile iPhones -- more than a million in all T-Mobile has said -- have not been able to exceed 2G speeds. AT&T's and T-Mobile's 3G and so-called 4G networks operate on different bands.Another T-Mobile executive Cole Brodman recently addressed the issue publicly at a conference and in a letter to customers though not in great deal. Executives say that while they'd like to have the iPhone Android is a fine alternative to the iPhone. (CNN) -- Champions League holders Barcelona survived a scare in Germany on Tuesday evening as Zlatan Ibrahimovic's second-half equalizer earned them a 1-1 last 16 first leg draw against Stuttgart.The Catalan giants failed to produce the free-flowing football that has become their trademark under coach Pep Guardiola and they fell behind in the 25th minute.Stuttgart had warmed up for the match by hitting five goals past Cologne at the weekend with striker Cacau helping himself to four of them.And the Brazilian-born forward maintained that form by opening the scoring here powerfully heading home Timo Gebhart's cross.The home side had chances to double their lead before the break with only goalkeeper Victor Valdes depriving Cacau of a second -- although Lionel Messi did strike the post with a long-range effort for the visitors.However Barca regrouped after the break and levelled just seven minutes into the second period when Swedish striker Ibrahimovic was on hand to finish from Gerard Pique's nod down.The result means Barcelona will be strong favorites to reach the quarterfinals when the teams meet again at the Nou Camp in a fortnight's time.Meanwhile in the night's other match Bordeaux look well set to reach the quarterfinals after a narrow 1-0 victory against Olympiacos in Athens.Laurent Blanc's side are unbeaten in the competition this season and look genuine contenders to win the trophy after Michael Ciani nodded home Yoann's Gourcouff's free-kick from close range on the stroke of half time.In the only Europa League match played in Tuesday Portuguese giants Benfica cruised into the last 16 after thrashing Hertha Berlin 4-0 for a 5-1 aggregate victory.Two goals from oscar Cardozo and one apiece from Pablo Aimar and Javi Garcia ensured Benfica's smooth progress where they will now face either Marseille or FC Copenhagen. Violent crime in the United States fell for the fifth consecutive year in 2011 with murder rape and robbery all going down although crime remains a serious problem in many urban areas the FBI said on Monday.The report of all crimes reported to police nationwide showed slightly more than 1.2 million violent incidents nationwide while property crimes hit a nine-year low.Compared with 2010 the new figures show violent crime down 3.8 percent overall. Property crime was down 0.5 percent.Among violent incidents reported to police murders were down about 0.7 percent robberies dropped 4 percent aggravated assaults declined 3.9 percent and forcible rapes were down 2.5 percent.Despite the positive trend crime remains a serious problem in many urban pockets riddled with gangs drugs and poverty.There were 14612 murders last year on average one every 36 minutes.  That's a small decline from 14722 in 2010 but it's a decrease of nearly 17 percent from a decade ago.Most victims were male and in cases where race was known 50 percent were black and 46 percent were white.Statistics showed 514 murders in New York and 431 in Chicago.Guns were used in two thirds of the nation's murders last year 41 percent of robberies and 21 percent of aggravated assaults the report showed.The closely watched Uniform Crime Reports do not include explanations for the consolidated figures and the FBI does not comment on the data.However criminologists point to a variety of factors for the continuing decline in overall violence. They cite a more settled crack cocaine market an increase in incarcerations an aging population data-driven policing and changes in technology that include a big increase in surveillance cameras.James Alan Fox a criminologist at Northeastern University said crime has continued to decline from a peak in the 1990s but now is decreasing at a slower rate.I call it the limbo stick effect, Fox said. " You can only go so low. You're never going to get down to zero crime."The FBI crime statistics differed from a telephone crime survey released by the Justice Department early this month. That report actually showed crime increasing last year but attributed the change to a jump in simple assaults.Fox said many of those assaults described to interviewers were non-injury pushing and shoving incidents not reported to any law enforcement agencies.He also noted the increase that the Justice Department reported was from an all-time low in the crime rate the previous year suggesting crime is entering a low level where police officials hope it will stay for some time. LONDON England (CNN) -- Violence and heavy metal seem to have been inextricably entwined since the dawn of the metal genre.Accusations that the Columbine killers were influenced by Marilyn Manson's music were found to be false.Judas Priest Marilyn Manson and Black Sabbath are just some of the household metal names to have come under public fire for supposedly inciting teenagers to commit murder and suicide.It's a fire the international media has been happy to flame quick to draw links between various acts of savagery and heavy metal even if as in the case of the Columbine shootings and Marilyn Manson evidence points to the contrary.For anthropologist documentary filmmaker and self-confessed "Metalhead" Sam Dunn heavy metal is often used as a scapegoat to distract from the thoroughly more complicated societal problems surrounding such incidents.I think people look at heavy metal and label it for all sorts of things because we need easy answers to complex questions, Dunn says.I think that it's easy to target a heavy metal band for inciting violence or making kids turn to a cult than it is to actually look at real problems in the real world.It's easy to see where the journalists parents and religious groups get their ideas from.A quick scan of the lyrics of any heavy metal band worth its salt will often reveal some gasp-inducing subject matter.For instance in his film "A Headbanger's Journey Dunn quotes some of his favourite lyrics by a metal band called Autopsy: Burning from the inside out bloody foam spews from your mouth smell the putrid stench of flesh as it burns you to your death."Not the sort of poetry to be quoting to grandmother over lunch but can such ludicrous gore really incite people to violence not to mention murder?As one young Norwegian metal fan told the UK's Guardian newspaper: "It's all fantasy none of this is real you can't take this seriously it's just like a movie."But compared to some of the images filling our cinema screens -- The Devil's Rejects Wolf Creek The Passion of the Christ to name a few -- even Autopsy's lyrics seem a little tame.I have listened to enough metal for me to essentially be a serial killer, says James McMahon from UK music magazine NME.But there's something in me that says no, that's not what I believe life is about. Serial killers existed before Slayer, you know.I'm a big fan of horror movies but Hostel, Saw, those torture porn films, I found myself repulsed -- metal is pantomime comparatively.As Alice Cooper quips: "There's more blood in 'Macbeth' than in my shows and that's required school reading."For metal musicians death blood and mayhem in its various guises are all simply part of the act part of "the show."I think it comes from being a child of the '70s, says Iron Maiden's lead singer Bruce Dickinson. "I was brought up on Hammer horror movies and things like "The Devil Rides Out classics like that.So while we do the devil type things, it's done... I wouldn't always say in a tongue-in-cheek way, but there is an element of it. It's done with a view to storytelling and drama, with a bit of dressing-up going on.Iron Maiden has also endured its fair share of controversy. The title of its 1982 album "The Number of the Beast and repeated use of 666" in the titular track's chorus had America's religious right up in arms.They accused the band of being devil worshippers Satanists and of "trying to pervert our kids."When I play that song I think, well, ok, this isn't glorifying the devil, because that's certainly not what I would do, says Iron Maiden drummer Nicko McBrain a born-again Christian.It's making an awareness that yes he's out there, and you've got to be aware. There is a man with 666 tattooed on his noggin somewhere.Ironically the fundamentalist reaction to "The Number of the Beast" packed out Iron Maiden tour gigs in every American town they visited. Kids squeezed into arenas desperate to see what was scaring their parents so badly.Despite this marketing draw Dickinson is keen to distance Iron Maiden from the violence for violence's sake approach practiced by some of his contemporaries such as musicians from the extreme Black Metal and Death Metal sub-genres.We're not interested in being extreme, he says.We're interested in being interesting and in animating people's imaginations with the stories that we tell and the songs.It's an approach that chimes with what one female Iron Maiden fan Ruth tells us "I really don't see any violence in the fans and I have been to loads of their gigs she says.

I am in a tiny minority of women in a room full of men wearing black -- which should seem scary but it totally isn't. The men hold doors open for me and apologize if they bash into me. They are basically really meek and polite."So while upside-down crucifixes homicidal zombies and lashings of blood might continue to fuel our preconceptions about heavy metal music it's worth remembering appearances and reality can be very different beasts indeed. Washington (CNN) -- The chairman of the Republican Party and a leading GOP senator called on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to give up his post Sunday following the publication of remarks he made about President Obama's race in 2008.A new book quotes Reid D-Nevada as saying privately in 2008 that Obama could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "light-skinned" appearance and speaking patterns "with no Negro dialect unless he wanted to have one."The remarks were "embarrassing and racially insensitive said Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, head of the GOP's Senate campaign arm, in a statement to CNN.

GOP Chairman Michael Steele, on NBC's Meet the Press said: Racism and racist conversations have no place today in America."Steele also was on the defensive for a remark he made last week that members of both parties have called a racial slur. In an interview with Fox News Steele used the phrase "honest injun."The Congressional Black Caucus has accepted Reid's apology and is dismissing calls for him to step down as majority leader.Rep. Barbara Lee chairwoman of the caucus issued the following statement: "I have had an opportunity to speak with Senator Reid and he apologized for his unfortunate remarks concerning the president and he understands the gravity of such remarks. There are too many issues like the economy job creation and energy for these regrettable comments to distract us from the work that must be done on behalf of the American people."Democrats also rejected the calls for Reid's dismissal. Gov. Tim Kaine of Virginia chairman of the Democratic Party said "the case is closed" following Reid's round of apologies.Douglas Wilder of Virginia who 20 years ago became the nation's first elected African-American governor also rejected calls for Reid's ouster.I think that what Reid was giving was a personal opinion, which wasn't affecting the laws or the operation of the dispensation of justice in our country, Wilder told CNN's "State of the Union."But he said he believes the incident "illustrates the need for more open discussion about race."Reid's office made clear he has no plans to step down.Democrats rejected the calls for Reid's dismissal and Reid's office made clear he has no plans to step down.Sen. Reid will stay in his position as majority leader and will run for re-election, his spokesman said.As the leader in the fight to pass the Voting Rights Act and legislation banning hate crimes, Sen. Reid has a long record of addressing issues that are important to the African-American community. His Republican critics who are looking to politicize the issue can't say the same.Reid's controversial quote is in the book "Game Change due in stores Monday. The authors write that Reid was convinced in fact that Obama's race would help him more than hurt him in a bid for the Democratic nomination."In a statement to CNN Reid said "I deeply regret using such a poor choice of words."I sincerely apologize for offending any and all Americans, especially African-Americans for my improper comments. I was a proud and enthusiastic supporter of Barack Obama during the campaign and have worked as hard as I can to advance President Obama's legislative agenda, Reid said.In his defense he pointed to his efforts to integrate the Las Vegas strip and the gaming industry among other legislation favored by African-American voters.I have worked hard to advance issues important to the African-American community, he said.And the senate leader called Obama on Saturday afternoon to apologize for the remarks. In a statement issued after the call Obama said "As far as I am concerned the book is closed."Harry Reid called me today and apologized for an unfortunate comment reported today, the president said. "I accepted Harry's apology without question because I've known him for years I've seen the passionate leadership he's shown on issues of social justice and I know what's in his heart."An aide to the senator told CNN that Reid also offered apologies to several prominent African-American political figures including House Democrats Jim Clyburn of South Carolina and Barbara Lee of California; the Rev. Al Sharpton; CNN political contributor and Democratic strategist Donna Brazile; NAACP chairman Julian Bond; and the head of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights Wade Henderson.Steele the GOP's first African-American chairman was asked about the remarks on both "Meet the Press" and "Fox News Sunday." He told NBC on Sunday he believes Reid is out of touch with "how African-Americans generally feel" about sensitive issues.Steele was asked by NBC whether he believes the situation is similar to one involving former Sen. Trent Lott who lost his post as Senate majority leader in 2002 after saying that the nation would have been better off if one-time segregationist candidate Strom Thurmond had been elected president.Oh, yeah. There is a big double standard here, Steele said on NBC.Steele added: "When Democrats get caught saying racist things you know an apology is enough."Steele said that if a Republican senator had made the same remark Reid did Steele himself and the Democratic Party "would be screaming for his head very much as they were with Trent Lott."Cornyn in his statement also accused Democrats of following a "double standard and noted that they had pushed Lott to step down.

As we await his explanation Sen. Reid should do the right thing follow the example that he himself set in 2002 and step down as majority leader Cornyn said.

Kaine shot back against those arguments.

Anybody looking at Trent Lott's statements praising somebody who had been a pro-segregation candidate for president will see that there is no comparison between those comments and those of Sen. Reid Kaine told NBC.

The comments were in the context of praising the senator and acknowledging that the senator could be a great president but they were still insensitive Kaine said.

Asked whether Reid should resign, he said, Absolutely not. ... We're moving on."Nevada state Senate Majority Leader Steven Horsford who is African-American affirmed his support for Reid in a statement Saturday.While I am disappointed in Sen. Reid's comment and choice of words, I accept his apology, said Horsford a Democrat. "I have known Sen. Reid for many years and he has consistently been supportive of advancing the interests of the African-American community as he has for all Nevadans and all Americans."Steele meanwhile was asked about his remark in a Fox News interview last week that the GOP platform "is one of the best political documents that's been written in the last 25 years 'honest injun' on that."Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace noted that lawmakers from both parties have called that a racial slur.Well, if it is, I apologize for it. It's not an intent to be a racial slur. I wasn't intending to say a racial slur at all, Steele said.CNN's Dana Bash Mark Preston and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report. (CNN) -- An 11-year-old Pennsylvania boy is missing in Egypt according to the boy's family.The family says that the boy's Egyptian father abducted him.A U.S. Embassy spokeswoman in Cairo meanwhile says U.S. authorities are "aware of the situation" and are assisting the boy's mother in her search efforts.Stephano Khalil Mohamed Atteya or Nikko as he is called by his family went to Egypt with his mother and her sister to visit his father who lives there according to a missing person report from the Pennsylvania State Police in Harrisburg. The boy was last seen August 1 with his father the boy's family said.The father sped off with the boy in a car after forcing the boy's mother and aunt from the car the family said.They heard (Nikko) screaming from the window, calling for his mom, said Nikko's aunt Olga Panagos who lives in Fayetteville Pennsylvania. "That's the last time they saw him."Nikko's father an Egyptian citizen requested that his son come to Egypt to meet his grandmother and attend his father's sister's wedding American relatives said.The U.S. Embassy in Cairo is working with Nikko's mother who is still in Cairo and with local authorities to help locate the boy according to spokeswoman Elizabeth Colton.The boy's parents were married in 1999 and divorced in 2005; Nikko was their only child together and was born in the United States according to Panagos.The family is very stressed. We have no idea where Nikko is, Panagos said.Sen. Bob Casey D-Pennsylvania also is working with the family to provide any appropriate assistance according to Casey spokeswoman April Melody.CNN's Leigh Remizowski Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report. (CNN) -- In 2009 du Pont heir Robert H. Richards IV 47 was convicted of raping his 3-year-old daughter and served no jail time because a judge said he would "not fare well" in prison.You are only just hearing about this travesty thanks to a civil suit filed recently by Richards' ex-wife Tracy Richards alleging that he also sexually abused his 19-month-old son during the same period.How does this happen? Lady Justice wears a blindfold that's supposed to represent objectivity. Unfortunately it seems to blind her in some cases especially when a defendant is wealthy and connected. And Richards is wealthy and connected -- he's the heir to not one but two fortunes provided to him by his predecessors.In 2008 Richards was indicted on two counts of second-degree child rape for sexually penetrating his daughter repeatedly from 2005 to 2007. Those two counts would have carried mandatory minimum sentences of 10 years each. He was released on $60000 bail.Richards is unemployed but with a trust fund and apparently had plenty of cash to hire one of the state's top law firms. His lawyers pushed until Delaware prosecutors offered a deal allowing him the fourth-degree rape plea -- normally reserved for statutory rape cases -- and Richards admitted the assault.At the sentencing Superior Court Judge Jan Jurden ordered Richards to attend a sex offender rehabilitation program and pay a whopping $4395 to the Delaware Violent Crimes Compensation Board. (That'll teach him!) She then sentenced him to eight years in prison but suspended the prison time and put him on probation instead writing: "Defendant will not fare well in Level 5 setting."Translation for the rest of the world: The rich rapist will "fare well" living as a free man in a house where he raped his own daughter.A few points here:1. The purpose of prison is twofold -- to keep criminals segregated from their victims and the rest of society to punish them by denying them the freedoms that law-abiding citizens enjoy and to rehabilitate them. Prisons are loaded with pedophile rapists who are incarcerated regardless of their ability to deal with the prison environment. If Richards was a relative of the Dipshots instead of the du Ponts he'd probably be behind bars now.2. And if the rapist doesn't "fare well" in prison how is he a good fit for society? As far as I'm concerned a sex offender who rapes his own child will never "fare well" in society. You can't cure sex offenders of their sexual urges you can only teach them to try to control them. In the meantime we have a duty to keep rapists like Richards contained in a location where they have no contact or opportunity to hurt another child for a good long time -- and that place is in jail.3. The Delaware justice system appears to have also lost sight of Richards' victim -- his own kid! Think she'll "fare well" knowing her rapist was sent home to his mansion and never properly punished?The sentence was outrageous but blaming the judge is too easy. The truth is the entire system is to blame. People with zero resources to properly defend themselves are funneled into the prison system while rich rapists like Richards can buy an excellent criminal defense team and secure a deal no public defender could ever dream of getting.But Tracy Richards has not given up. She filed a suit last month seeking compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of her children. In addition to detailing the abuse of his daughter the lawsuit also alleges that while Roberts was on probation he admitted to the sexual abuse of his toddler son. It cites probation reports from two different probation officers notifying the Courts in 2010 and 2012 about that suspected abuse.According to the lawsuit which is supported by paperwork from the earlier criminal case Richards went into his daughter's room while she slept and penetrated her with his fingers while he masturbated. The suit also alleges that Richards then told the girl "to keep what he had done to her a secret." The girl eventually told her grandmother who informed Tracy Richards. The girl then recounted the abuse to her pediatrician and New Castle County police who arrested him.Given all this background it may seem like a slam dunk of a civil suit but societal factors -- the advantages of money-- can play a large role in the justice system. You can be certain that if Richards lives off a trust it's one that du Pont family attorneys have painstakingly set up and it's probably going to be remarkably hard to pierce.Likely knowing she's in for a fight Tracy Richards has hired law firm Jacobs & Crumplar attorneys more than capable of going after people who think they are untouchable. This is the firm that won victims $77.4 million in a settlement with the Catholic Diocese of Wilmington over sex abuse by a priest.I've got my fingers crossed that a civil jury will award jaw-dropping damages in this case and strip Richards of the trust fund and the wealthy status that allowed him to avoid jail -- where he really belongs. (CNN) -- Dancers have put on a dazzling display atop extravagant floats at the legendary annual Rio Carnival. Thousands of revelers cheered as dancers shimmied and shook their colorful costumes through the streets of the Brazilian city.Seven-year-old Julia Lira took her place as the drum corps queen for the Viradouro School of Samba despite criticism that she was too young to fill a role normally reserved for voluptuous adult dancers. West Milford New Jersey (CNN) -- For Gary Oppenheimer 2007 was a year of plenty.His backyard garden produced a bountiful harvest with a surplus of spaghetti squash melons pumpkins tomatoes peppers and cucumbers for his family. At the end of the season Oppenheimer had 40 pounds of excess fresh produce -- and nowhere to take it.Nobody wanted more, he said. "My wife wouldn't let me bring any more in the house and I didn't want it wasted."So Oppenheimer took the produce to a local food pantry at a battered-women's shelter. When he dropped off the food he was struck by the response he got from the shelter worker.[She] thanked me profusely, and as I left she said, 'Now we can have something fresh to eat,'  Oppenheimer recalled. "That stuck with me because I remember walking away thinking 'What? They have canned stuff only all the time?' "The experience ultimately led Oppenheimer 57 to create a way for gardeners across the country to easily share their excess produce with hungry families in their communities.In 2008 Oppenheimer became the director of the West Milford Community Garden in West Milford New Jersey. He learned that toward the end of the summer plots were often abandoned and good food was sometimes left to rot.He tried to find a list of his town's local food pantries online where the extra produce could be donated. A Google search showed the nearest food pantry was in another town 25 miles away -- when in fact there were six food pantries in Oppenheimer's town of West Milford.Oppenheimer knew he had stumbled upon a gap in information that could rescue fresh produce from a wasteful end and potentially save lives.I realized that if I'm having this problem as a gardener, then other people across the country must be having the exact same problem, he said. "I got up the next morning and I went on the internet and I grabbed the domain of AmpleHarvest.org."He reached out to food pantries across the country through social networking food banks master gardeners faith organizations and other groups to encourage them to sign up for inclusion in his database of food pantries. Oppenheimer enlisted the help of Web designers and in May 2009 AmpleHarvest.org was rolled out nationally.The free online resource enables food pantries to register and be listed in a central nationwide directory and makes it possible for American gardeners to easily find the local pantries where they can donate extra produce.Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN HeroesThe country is loaded with gardeners who have more food than they can possibly themselves use, Oppenheimer said. "AmpleHarvest.org gives them the ability to easily quickly get that food to somebody who genuinely really needs it."According to the Department of Agriculture nearly 15 percent of American households have difficulty meeting their food needs. Those who rely on food pantries are often surviving on canned and processed foods. But with 41 million U.S. households growing fruits and vegetables according to the National Gardening Association Oppenheimer is helping green-thumbed Americans share healthier options with their neighbors in need.Whether it's a hanging tomato plant off your apartment terrace, or a garden ... or whether you run a farm, we all have food that's left behind, Oppenheimer said. "That's the food that ... we can get into the system to help diminish hunger in the country."Nearly 2000 food pantries across the United States are now registered on the site.Timothy Lesko recently received fresh produce from a food pantry that had items from AmpleHarvest.org donations. Lesko said the fresh vegetables will help his family eat more healthfully.Me and my wife are trying to have my son be as healthy as possible. [At] the grocery store, the food's expensive, and it's hard to buy the healthier foods because we don't always have the money, Lesko said.It would be nice to see if more people could farm at home and bring whatever extra they have for the pantry.Although Oppenheimer cannot track the amount of produce that has been donated to food pantries he said he's received messages from numerous pantries and clients across the country who've been given food as a result of AmpleHarvest.org. He also has heard from growers who continue to donate because the website led them to local pantries.And as the food pantries continue to see results Oppenheimer hopes his efforts will turn into a lifelong commitment for the gardeners.The point is to get it so that people will find it's easy and convenient to get in the car and to drop off that bag of tomatoes or carrots or apples, and then to make it a part of their regular routine, hopefully for the rest of their gardening lives.Want to get involved? Check out the AmpleHarvest.org website and see how to help. (CNN) -- "We must be on you but cannot see you." That was one of the very last voice signals transmitted by Amelia Earhart in the summer of 1937 somewhere over the vast Pacific Ocean during her ill-fated flight around the globe.An intense search led by the U.S. Navy was launched to find Earhart and her plane but after several weeks nothing was found.All right, good night. Those were the last words transmitted 17 days ago from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 somewhere over the South China Sea between Kuala Lumpur and Ho Chi Minh City.An international search led by the Malaysian government and Malaysia Airlines and joined by governments and private companies from the United States Great Britain China Australia Norway Japan New Zealand and others have narrowed down a possible search region to a vast chunk of the Indian Ocean southwest of Perth Australia.This is probably the one of the largest efforts you'll ever see in terms of maritime surveillance and joint operations, Australian Defense Minister David Johnston said Tuesday.Reports now seem to support the theory popularized by pilot instructor Chris Goodfellow that an incapacitating emergency led the pilots to divert the Boeing 777 toward the closest airport (hence turning south) while simultaneously trying to fight an electrical fire of some sort until they were overcome. Experts believe that the jet continued on dumb autopilot until it was like Earhart's Lockheed Electra out of fuel plunging into the sea.Opinion: Flight 370's resting place is best clueEarhart was lost on July 2 1937. MH370 disappeared March 8 2014 more than two weeks ago.In those 77 years almost everything about the world has changed.Earhart and her navigator Fred Noonan disappeared just a few years before World War II erupted and a new world order emerged: what is often called the American century. And the three-week search effort for Earhart was entirely American directed by the Navy.Flight 370 was operated by Malaysia's national airline en route to Beijing. The flight was the opposite of pioneering instead a routine long haul of 227 passengers with a coach class ticket costing about $530. But in this case the search effort is extraordinary and much more international in scope.This time it's not just the Americans. The Australians the Chinese and the Norwegians are deploying their air forces and navies with cutting-edge technologies for weeks on end to help. Pakistani radar Chinese satellites even NASA aided the search. Add to that countless hours of analytical personnel. In the end it was a private British satellite company Inmarsat that confirmed the likely flight path and terminus.According to some reports this is the most expensive search effort in history. Although there was strong criticism against the Malaysian government for delays and missteps during the initial days of the investigation it seems as if the international community has largely united in focusing massive resources on finding the plane.There was nobody famous on the flight and yet it is somehow unremarkable that dozens of nations are expending millions of dollars to solve the mystery.Together.Pilot: How mechanical problem could have downed Flight 370All this stands in stark contrast to Russia's opportunistic conquest of the Crimean peninsula a major part of the neighboring nation of Ukraine. That sort of nationalist land grab reminds me less of the Cold War than of norms of the 18th century and just about every century of history prior. Certainly there's something extraordinary and dangerous going on in the Crimea but a calmer more patient more historical assessment distinguishes the reflexive nationalism of a weakened ex-empire from the larger trends in a globalizing world.Or what about the civil war in Syria? Or the heightened tensions on the North Korean peninsula? Or the disputes between Japan and Korea over the "Sea of Japan" versus the "East Sea"? Or the uprisings in Venezuela?All are hot spots where the international community has largely been paralyzed unable to do much more than call for multilateral inquiries and issue hollow condemnations.So what's left to be seen is whether this unprecedented international coalition assembled to scour the ocean for the remains of Flight 370 is one of the few bright spots in an otherwise devastating tragedy for the families of the 227 passengers and 12 crew members. Or whether this is merely a one-off proposition where each nation is acting in its own self-interest to do what it must for its own citizens while feigning cooperation for the world stage.I prefer to see the goodness here that the world can come together and work together when it counts.Sometimes it takes a tragedy to remind us of the everyday miracles of our time.Join us on Facebook.com/CNNOpinion.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tim Kane. (CNN) -- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg just had a birthday on May 14. He's now 29. If that seems insanely young for a billionaire remember that he co-founded Facebook when he was a teenager.Zuckerberg has a lot to celebrate. He's amassed a fortune inspired one of every seven people on the planet to use his product and changed how the world communicates -- all before age 30.By comparison when they were 29 Steve Jobs launched the Macintosh computer and Bill Gates was readying the first retail version of Microsoft Windows. And most of the rest of us were just struggling to pay the rent.So happy birthday to Zuck! To mark the occasion we collected these 10 random facts about the tech wunderkind:1. Zuckerberg suffers from red-green colorblindness and sees the color blue best which is why blue dominates Facebook's color scheme.2. AOL and Microsoft tried to recruit him when he was in high school after he created Synapse a program that used artificial intelligence to learn users' music-listening habits.3. He wears the same gray Facebook T-shirt almost every day because he's busy and it saves him time in the morning.4. Despite Zuckerberg's casual wardrobe he said he wore a tie every day in 2009 to show that Facebook was serious about growing in the face of the global recession.5. He is a vegetarian and once said he will only eat meat if he has killed the animal himself. But among his "likes" on his Facebook page are McDonald's and In-N-Out Burger.6. He has amassed 220000 Twitter followers despite the fact that he's only tweeted 19 times in four years and not once in 15 months.7. In October 2010 Zuckerberg took a bunch of Facebook staffers to a public theater to see "The Social Network the movie about the founding of Facebook. In public comments afterward, he criticized the film's portrayal of him as someone who invented Facebook to gain social status.

8. He owns a Hungarian sheepdog named Beast, who has a Facebook page with 1.5 million fans.

9. He took some heat last year for giving his wife, Priscilla Chan, a ruby wedding ring that jewelers valued at about $25,000 even though he was worth about $19 billion at the time.

10. If you type @[4:0] in a Facebook comment window and hit enter, his name will appear.

What, if anything, fascinates you about Zuckerberg? Let us know in the comments.

 (CNN) -- There are fears of Russians and it is October but it's not a Tom Clancy novel. It is a case of international naval intrigue off the Swedish coast that brings back memories of the Cold War.The Swedish military on Monday intensified a search in the ocean off Stockholm for an underwater mystery vessel but stopped short of calling it a submarine. Civilian vessels were ordered to stay at least six miles (about 10 kilometers) away from the Swedish warship conducting the search the English-language website The Local reported.The search began Thursday after Swedish intelligence picked up an emergency radio call in Russian reported The Local citing the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet.The radio transmissions were being sent to the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad 330 miles (530 kilometers) south of Stockholm on the Baltic's southern shore according to The Local report.There were also reports that a foreign vessel was spotted in the waters near Stockholm.Russia on Sunday denied it has any vessel in Swedish waters. Moscow suggested the vessel may belong to the Netherlands and have been involved in naval exercises off Sweden according to a report from Russia's Itar-TASS news agency.The Dutch were quick to respond saying a sub involved in the exercises was anchored in Tallinn harbor of NATO-ally Estonia for the weekend according to a report from Agence France-Presse.'We have good stamina'On Monday the Swedish military vowed to continue searching at least for the next few days according to The Local.We have good stamina, The Local quoted defense spokesman Dag Enander. "We're using the sensors we have and are searching both from land and water Enander was quoted as saying.

To confuse matters even more, the Swedish military said Monday that it purposely provided incorrect information on Sunday about where the mystery vessel was sighted to keep the search area secure.

U.S. officials told CNN there are no U.S. submarines or surface ships in the immediate area. U.S. intelligence doesn't know of any Russian assets in that area, the officials said.

All the activity begs the question, why would a Russian sub need to snoop around in Swedish waters anyway?

Johan Wiktorin of the Swedish Royal Academy of War Sciences gave three possibilities to The Local:

They could be mapping the waters in order to be able to navigate them in the event of hostilities Wiktorin is quoted as saying.

They could also be installing equipment like sensors that could track or get an observation of our units in that area he goes on. Or they could also possibly reconnoiter our (defense) systems."Russian military around the worldWhether there is a Russian sub in Swedish waters or not there is no question that Russian forces have been active in the Baltic and around the globe this year. In fact the Swedish military said Sunday that it has monitored suspicious activity for several years according to another report in The Local.In July a U.S. Air Force reconnaissance plane fled into Swedish airspace after the Russians took the unusual action of beginning to track it with land-based radar. The Russians then sent at least one fighter jet into the sky to intercept the U.S. aircraft.And on April 23 a Russian Su-27 Flanker fighter jet buzzed within 100 feet of the nose of a U.S. Air Force RC-135U reconnaissance plane over the Sea of Okhotsk between Russia and Japan a Defense Department official said.Also on April 23 Dutch fighter jets scrambled to intercept a pair of Russian Tu-95 Bear bombers that entered a half-mile into Netherlands airspace.On June 4 according to U.S. defense officials four long-range Russian Tu-95 bombers accompanied by an aerial refueling tanker flew into the U.S. Air Defense Identification Zone an area extending 200 miles (320 kilometers) from the North American coast off Alaska where they were intercepted by U.S. F-22 fighter jets.Two of the Russian bombers peeled off and headed west while the other two flew south and were identified by U.S. F-15 fighters within 50 miles of the California coast.And last month two Alaskan-based U.S. Air Force F-22 fighter jets intercepted two Russian IL-78 refueling tankers two Russian MiG-31 fighter jets and two Russian Bear long-range bombers according to Capt. Jeff Davis of the North American Aerospace Defense Command.More than six hours later two Canadian CF-18 fighter jets intercepted two Russian bombers in the Beaufort Sea Davis said. Those Russian planes came within about 40 nautical miles of the Canadian coastline he said.Earlier this year a top U.S. Air Force general said Russia was stepping up its military activities in the Asia-Pacific region as tensions increased over Ukraine and Russia's move into Crimea. (CNN) -- On Monday news broke that about 200 girls had been kidnapped from their school in Chibok in the northeastern state of Borno -- a region at the center of Nigeria's five-year terrorist insurgency.The very next day the Nigerian military announced that all but nine of the girls had been rescued.This turned out to be untrue. The school's principal and the girls' parents complained that the girls were still missing.In August last year a military spokesman announced the death of Abubakar Shekau the leader of Islamist extremist group Boko Haram at the hands of the military. But like the news of the release of the schoolgirls it proved to be fiction.'Misleading sources'Incidents like this have come to shape the way the military is perceived in the wildly unpredictable battle against Boko Haram. Posts on the military's social media accounts regularly boast of "smoking out" or ambushing terrorists or recovering weapons -- often written in way that brings to mind Iraq's infamous former information minister under Saddam Hussein dubbed "Comical Ali who claimed coalition forces were in retreat even as American tanks rolled almost unchallenged across the country in 2003.

Like him they've also ended up pinning the blame for inaccurate reporting on misleading" sources.Even when there is truth to its narratives -- and there have been major successes including a crackdown that started in early 2013 that killed several top Boko Harem commanders and driven others across the border into Chad Niger and Cameroon -- the triumphalism seems odd when juxtaposed with the harsh reality of events like the Chibok abduction or the one at another government school in neighboring Yobe State in February in which more than fifty schoolboys were murdered in their dormitories with nary a soldier in sight until several hours later.Perhaps the military resorts to this impulsively buoyant tone because it believes it cannot afford to sound anything otherwise. Or perhaps it's simply because it can get away with it -- because the Nigerian authorities have a long and remarkable history of getting away with anything they say.That tenuous relationship with fact makes it relatively easy for senior government officials to publicly dispute government finances to the tune of billions of dollars; and for an assortment of newspaper headlines to display wildly differing casualty figures the morning after a bombing incident.Death 'cheap and plentiful'And then there's the scale of Nigeria's tragedies. For a country that is not at war death is cheap and plentiful. So cheap and so sweeping in its audacity that Nigerians readily make jokes about it. That might help explain the trademark blunted edge of Nigerian outrage. If it happens often enough the mind is soon inured and eagerly accepting of the sense of resignation that might offer the best protection against the emotional impact of the next cycle of negative breaking news.All of the above combine to create the context in which the Nigerian military -- wielding political power for 29 of Nigeria's first 39 years after independence -- has learned to operate.Not since the civil war almost 50 years ago has it been tested this much. The closest it got were the lengthy tours of duty in Liberia and Sierra Leone in which it played a prominent role at the head of the West African ECOMOG Force intended more as a "peacekeeping" unit than a combat force.Indeed what we are seeing may be evidence of its struggle to adapt to new rules of engagement fighting an enemy driven by convictions much deeper than those displayed by the pro-democracy activists and diamond-obsessed rebels it contended with in the 1990s; possessing access to sophisticated weapons and operating in terrain far better suited to insurgents than conventional armies.Abuse claimsThe increasing militarization of the troubled zones has since spurred accusations of human rights abuses from local and international observers. An International Crisis Group report from April 2014 has called for an end to the use of "heavy-handed military and police methods that risk pushing yet more restless jobless and frustrated youths into violence and extremism."Communication strategies also require overhaul. In the age of social media the military needs to realize that propaganda is now a lot more likely to be found out and discredited.News reports suggest that the military long hampered by aging hardware is now acquiring new weapons and equipment. That's heartwarming. In a country where institutional graft is the rule and not the exception it is crucial to ensure that the military budgets are spent to boost the military's capability and troops' morale -- and not pocketed by bigwigs.International cooperation also needs to be stepped up; and it does seem that the government is now more willing than ever to work with Europe and America. Nigerians have long been wary of allowing the American military the sort of foothold it has in countries like Yemen and Pakistan but there's certainly room for more intense cooperation that does not involve abdicating total control.Finally the military will need to prepare to adapt itself to the reality of the government's planned shift to a "soft" counter-terrorism strategy embodied in a document unveiled by National Security Adviser Sambo Dasuki a retired Army Colonel in March.Amid the backlash it has faced recently the beleaguered military can count on the support of a growing number of Nigerians who think that it is being under appreciated for the work it is doing. Just this week a "Support The Nigerian Military" page launched on Facebook in honor of "our military men and women on the field who risk their lives daily to keep us safe." (CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo grabbed a hat-trick as Real Madrid crushed Malaga 7-0 to close the gap on Spanish league leaders Barcelona.The Portuguese striker ended his four-match goal drought in style as Jose Mourinho's side reduced Barca's advantage at the top of La Liga to seven points.Second-bottom Malaga had no answer to a powerful attacking display and finished the game with nine men after defender Manolo was sent off and Cala limped off injured after they had made all their permitted substitutions.Malaga coach Manuel Pelligrini who was replaced at Real Madrid by Mourinho chose to rest some of his best players and the decision came back to haunt him at the Bernabeu.France international Karim Benzema began the rout after 27 minutes when he diverted Xabi Alonso's free kick into the net.Angel Di Maria added a second nine minutes later after capitalizing on a missed interception to slot the ball into the bottom corner.Just before the break Marcelo slammed Di Maria's pass into the corner of the net to make it 3-0.There was no let up after the interval as Ronaldo rounded off a flowing move to register a fourth before Benzema got his second with a header from Marcelo's cross.Manolo handled in the area to give Real a penalty and was shown a second yellow card by the referee. Ronaldo made no mistake from the spot.And the striker completed his hat-trick by converting Sergio Canales' cross at the near post with 13 minutes remaining before asking to be substituted. (CNN) -- Five people in southern China have been charged with intentional injury after illegally buying one of the kidneys of a teenage boy who used the money at least in part for an iPhone and an iPad according to state media.The five including a surgeon removed the organ in April 2011 from the 17-year-old high school student from China's Anhui province. The teenager is now suffering from renal insufficiency Xinhua reported.The boy's condition is deteriorating it said.One of the defendants a man named He Wei was described as "penniless and frustrated over gambling debts" and allegedly "sought to make enormous earnings through illegal kidney trading the news agency reported.

It said the men identified donors through online chat rooms and conducted the operation at a hospital.

A man named Song Zhongyu, a surgeon from a provincial hospital in Yunnan province, received nearly $35,000 in the deal, while the boy was given about $3,500, Xinhua said.

Wang later confessed to his mother when she confronted him about where he got the money for the Apple products, the news agency said.

According to China's Ministry of Health, about 1.5 million people in the country are in need of transplants, and yet only 10,000 transplants are performed each year, Xinhua reported.

 Seoul South Korea (CNN) -- Four members of a group of 31 North Koreans who accidentally crossed over into South Korean waters on a fishing boat have decided to defect to the South despite Pyongyang's demands that they all be repatriated to the North the South Korean Red Cross said.The defection of the four North Koreans could spark tensions on the peninsula where joint U.S.-South Korea military drills have kicked off this week. North Korea had threatened to engulf Seoul in a "sea of flames a day before the opening of the exercise.

The South will return the remaining 27 members of the group through Panmunjom, a truce village on the ground border between the two sides, and send the fishing boat back through the waters in the West Sea on Friday, the Red Cross said.

South Korea's intelligence agency questioned the North Koreans for almost a month since they crossed over in February before deciding to release the group, the aid agency said.

There are currently more than 20,000 North Korean defectors in South Korea, according to the South's Unification Ministry. The number of annual defectors has risen dramatically since the turn of the century and continues to climb.

Defectors who are forcefully repatriated to the North after attempting to cross over into third countries such as China, Mongolia or Southeast Asia are commonly sent to prison camps as a punishment. Many defectors who live in South Korea fear for the lives of their family or relatives who remain in the North.

 (CNN) -- The NBA is without a Chinese-born player for the first time in 12 years after it was announced Yi Jianlian has signed a one-year deal in his homeland.Yi failed to earn a new contract with 2011 NBA champions Dallas Mavericks and he has returned to China to join former team Guangdong Tigers.It's a huge pity to spend his prime years on the bench in the NBA without being trusted, Guangdong general manager Liu Hongjiang said of Yi in a statement.He wants to play and we can provide an ideal stage.Yi carried the flag for China at the recent London 2012 Olympics his third appearance at the Games.His departure is a blow the league which is looking to take advantage of the potentially lucrative Asian market.Current NBA star Dwayne Wade a champion with Miami Heat earlier this year told CNN that basketball still trails football as the world's favorite sport.The popularity of the NBA in China skyrocketed when center Yao Ming joined the Houston Rockets in 2002.The first Chinese-born player to take to the court in the NBA was Wang Zhizhi who made history by joining the Mavericks in 2001.The NBA's profile in Asia has been boosted by the emergence of Jeremy Lin a Taiwanese American who shot to global fame with a string of standout performances for the New York Knicks during the 2011-12 season.Lin 24 has since left the Knicks to join the Houston Rockets. (CNN) -- As he strained crunched and lifted weights the muscle panels surfaced from Jason Dinant's stomach. Faintly at first they emerged: one two three and four -- not yet a six-pack.In the first three months, I saw such a fast improvement, now I'm worried about plateauing, said Jason Dinant.My bottom two abs haven't come in yet, he said.Since January Dinant an iReporter has tried to get  six-pack abs in time for his 10-year high school reunion in June.Dinant a Las Vegas Nevada resident is one of the three iReport contributors being followed by CNNhealth as they strive to meet diet and fitness goals they set at the beginning of the year. iReport.com: See the journey to changeDinant wanted to whip his beanpole figure into muscular shape. He also wanted to display a healthier physique for his blog called "Naked Boy News where he stands shirtless to give what he calls the naked truth about today's news."And now the 27-year-old has another motivation.Dinant will be a guest riding in a chariot-style car for an "ab-veil" on June 28 for the Lesbian Gay Bisexual and Transgender Pride March in New York.  His car is to be accompanied by rows of shirtless men who also have six-packs.Dinant was invited because  the Naked Boy News is "a very popular act said Maurice Michaane, director of the event. People in the Northeast know him."With the parade only two months away Dinant said: "Now I'm in high drive. There's no cheating on the diet."To get in shape he works out four to five days a week performing a combination of core exercises dumbbell curls and pull-ups. He jogs does cardio exercises and works with a fitness trainer.  To avoid looking like "a toothpick with abs he started lifting weights.

With a stringent diet and hours at the gym, the 6-foot-tall Dinant shrank from 160 to 143 pounds.

Losing weight is normal with all the exercising and dieting, said Robert Dothard, a personal trainer based in Atlanta, Georgia.

You can't see a six-pack through fat Dinant said. Belly fat is the enemy. People reveal their ab muscles but the nutrition and exercise are also formula for weight loss."The key is to eat in increments but it's difficult for people with traditional 9-to-5 jobs to eat something every two hours to maintain their weight he said. Body builders try to offset the weight loss by consuming protein powders and supplements Dothard said.Dinant's weight loss was completely unintentional. He said eating 16 egg whites and 1¼ pounds of chicken breasts every day gets old after three straight months.It's hard to eat that much protein, Dinant said.  "I started drinking this protein shake so I can get in all the calories and protein."Compared with just four months ago the "man boobies" and the extra layer of flab around his midsection have been lost Dinant said. And there's an even bigger benefit.I'm awake more. I'm alert more and I have more energy, he said.  "I just feel better. My whole body has become healthier and better."While pleased with the results Dinant worried that with two-thirds of a six-pack his body will begin to plateau.Plateaus are really a mental thing, Dothard said.  "When that happens people start going back to their own habits. So they end up cheating and binging."If the body doesn't respond to the workout anymore more difficult exercises should be adopted.Jason has to do something different or harder to maintain results to keep on the track that he's on, Dothard said. "It can be frustrating especially when he is still working out and the body is not responding to the same thing. People work out 30-45 days and get tremendous results then it slows down or stops. Nothing's wrong. The body is adjusting to what you're doing." (CNN) -- From his early days as one of the first faces familiar to television audiences in the 1950s as host of "American Bandstand Dick Clark was a constant.

He wasn't just a major force in television, but in the music industry as well, up until his death on Wednesday at the age of 82.

So it's no wonder that iReports flooded in from those who worked closely with Dick Clark, as well as those who only knew him as a friend who came into their living rooms, whether it be each week or only each New Year's Rockin'" Eve.Dick Clark was involved with so much from various award shows to the popular "Pyramid" Game show to "TV's Bloopers and Practical Jokes that only focusing on one reason he was so loved by so many just isn't enough. Even three reasons doesn't cover it.

So here are ten reasons -- counting down, like he did to the new year -- why iReporters loved Dick Clark:

10. He was humble

Sioux Falcone worked with Dick Clark in the 1980s. She well recalls him wearing a name tag to his own holiday party.

I was watching CNN and my son asked who the man on television was and I told him 'actually he was my boss.' And my son didn't believe me. So I pulled out this photo yesterday and here he was wearing a name tag. I thought it was really endearing."She also said that her fondest memory of Dick Clark was when he gave her his first desk after he moved to the west coast for 'American Bandstand.' She inquired about the piece of furniture with the office manager and a few days later Clark was at here desk.He said, 'I heard you want my desk,' and I said I would pay, but he said I didn't have to pay for it, she said. "He helped me load his antique desk into my car she said. He would show random acts of kindness like that.'"9. "He broke color barriers"Maxine Porter the legal steward for the late Bill Pinkney of the R&B/soul group the Drifters put it this way: "What artist of color didn't have some association with Dick Clark over the years?"Clark is widely credited with integrating his audience on "American Bandstand" and according to Porter Pinkney was one of those musical artists of color who credited Clark with their start.The first comment I heard him make about Dick Clark was, 'You know, we were one of the first black acts, if not the first, on his show in Philadelphia before he went national, she said.As a little girl, watching television in Mississippi, I was not exposed to blacks in any positions of power or affluence, said iReporter Elnora Fondren Palmtag of Clarksdale Mississippi.Dick Clark was an inspiration when he fought for the integration of his show, first for the performers on his show and later adding dancers of different races. I know he helped to launch the careers of some great black performers, but you may not see the impact he had on the poor underprivileged children of the ghettos around the country who did not know that they could be more than what they could see around them.8. He introduced generations to musicMark Jensen from Branson Missouri was one of many loyal viewers of "American Bandstand."I watched the show every weekend, and because of the show, I heard music that I normally wouldn't have because I couldn't afford to buy records or a radio.Jensen was inspired by "Bandstand:" the now singer/songwriter also goes by the stage name of Mark Catron.7.  He was a teenage stapleEvery afternoon Janie Lambert from Hughesville Maryland would switch on American Bandstand at home and dance to Chubby Checker learning to do "the Twist" and "the Limbo."I will never forget March 1967 when the Beatle's Strawberry Fields and Penny Lane were debuted on 'American Bandstand.' The Beatles new look and sound was eerie, strange, a little frightening but oh so very exciting. This was a big change for the music industry.Lambert described "Bandstand" as "the part of my day that I looked most forward to' she said. "No one can take his place."6. He was a mentorPaul Revere is a member of Paul Revere and the Raiders who hit it big in the 1960s. He worked with Dick Clark for several years and describes Clark as being a wonderful and close friend. Revere describes one of his fondest memories with Clark when he and his band were at a shoot for the '60s NBC show "Where the Action Is."He's my guy. We saw each other six weeks ago, and I can't even believe he is gone. He said his heart sunk when he heard the news of Clark's passing. "When you get older you want to spend time with the people you are close to and you keep putting things off because you always think you are going to have another day."He said he is really glad he had the chance to see Clark six weeks ago.You need to always tell your friends how much they mean to you, he said. "That is what I learned from this situation... I gave him a hug and told him everything I have and everything I am I owe to him."5. He was forever youngKathi Cordsen remembered thinking about how ageless Dick Clark seemed on television when she tuned in to watch his show. Her fondest memory of Clark was when she would throw dance parties at her house with her neighbor friends while they watched "American Bandstand" in the afternoon.I remember always thinking how Dick Clark never seemed to age from year to year and I wondered how he did that. Good living and being a good person, that must have been what it was.4. He was a dancer's best friendWhen Karen Folkes was a teenager she was living in Minnesota but she was travelling to Hollywood to dance on Dick Clark's show. Her brother who lived in California at the time managed to get her and her friend passes to "American Bandstand."She found herself in Clark's office with his now wife Kary Wigton who was also from Minnesota. Clark and Wigton told Folkes she could come by the show whenever she wanted. During the 1970's Folkes danced on the show 32 times.Dancers still have Dick Clark to thank as he produced the Fox television series "So You Think You Can Dance."3. He was the perfect hostPaul Martin was a British DJ living in America during the 1960s "British invasion and looked up to Clark.

Some entertainers are trained in broadcast schools some get lucky and just land a broadcast job on the spur of the moment others get there because of who rather than what they know and the right connections etc. said Martin, now living in Beverly Hills, California. But Clark made it to the top of his profession because he was the right guy at the right time on the right show and America and the world's most popular television music program!"2. He was great to work forSteven Leuck a contractor in Eugene Oregon worked for Clark in his New York City home in the mid-1980s. Having grown up on "Bandstand he was thrilled" to work for him.Mr. Clark called me at home and told me personally how much he appreciated the extra time and work it took to get [his] specialty lighting purchased, delivered and installed on time, he said. "He gave me his home phone number and told me that if I should ever need anything that he could do for me that I should never hesitate to call on him. I have worked with many celebrities over the years but he was far and away the kindest most thoughtful gentleman of all the celebrities I have ever met or had the pleasure to work with."1. He gave people opportunitiesMaggie Kortchmar back when she was known as Maggie Lee had a song played on "American Bandstand" in the 1980s.He said my name so sweetly: he was thoughtful, and concerned with the kids saying it was okay.Unfortunately the record got a lukewarm response but "Dick Clark looked right into the camera and told me he liked it and for me to keep plugging. A very generous kind man." (CNN) -- Firefighters gained ground in recent days in the battle with a wildfire that burned 84 buildings and blackened 28000 acres of dense forest in northern California.The Ponderosa fire which is in a remote area of Shasta County California is just one of 42750 wildfires that have burned 6901035 acres in the United States this year according to the National Interagency Fire Center.The fire ignited by lightning five days ago was 57% contained by Thursday allowing some families forced from their homes to return fire officials said.The Ponderosa fire still threatens 900 homes forcing those residents to evacuate. Nearly 2500 people equipped with 263 firetrucks and 11 helicopters are involved in the effort to stop the Ponderosa fire.Fires rage on Canary IslandsShasta is one of three northern California counties for which Gov. Jerry Brown has declared states of emergency because of wildfires this week. The other counties included in the declaration which makes emergency funding available to fight the blazes are Plumas and Tehama.In Plumas County the Chips fire has burned 63147 acres most of it in the Plumas National Forest. The 1146 personnel fighting it have managed to gain 40% containment according to officials.Today's mission is clear: hold, hold, hold, Operations Section Chief Rob Laeng told firefighters at their morning briefing Thursday.Wildfires spread in GreeceIn Tehama County the battle is almost over against the Mill fire. It is 95% contained after 1680 acres burned according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.A fire that has burned nearly 100000 acres mostly managed by the U.S. Forestry Service in northern Idaho is still just 5% contained three weeks after it began officials said. The Trinity Ridge fire threatens the community of Featherville but efforts to create a buffer for the area have been "very successful according to a statement on the fire's incident website.

 (CNN) -- After 20 years over 300 goals and a host of major honors Thierry Henry has called time on his football career.The Frenchman who won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000 with his country is hanging up his boots to pursue a broadcasting career.Although he made his breakthrough with French team Monaco and spent time with Juventus Barcelona and latterly New York Red Bulls Henry is best remembered for a glittering eight-year spell with Arsenal in the English Premier League.Henry became the London club's all-time leading goalscorer and helped the Gunners win two league titles and the FA Cup on three occasions.It has been an incredible journey and I would like to thank all the fans, team mates and individuals involved with AS Monaco, Juventus, Arsenal FC, FC Barcelona, the New York Red Bulls and of course the French National Team that have made my time in the game so special, he said on his official Facebook page.I have had some amazing memories (mostly good!) and a wonderful experience. I hope you have enjoyed watching as much as I have enjoyed taking part. See you on the other side...Henry's move to Arsenal in 1999 after a troubled year in Turin with Juventus saw him reunited with former Monaco coach Arsene Wenger.The pair led Arsenal through a golden era including an unbeaten Premier League campaign during the 2003-04 season.That team that won 26 and drew 12 of its 38 league matches during that campaign became known as the "Invincibles."Henry left Arsenal in 2007 and headed to Barcelona where more titles lay in wait.During three seasons in Catalonia Henry won the Spanish championship on two occasions and helped the club lift the European Champions League in 2009.The 37-year-old brought the curtain down on his player career with a four-year stint in the "Big Apple helping New York Red Bulls win Major League Soccer's Eastern Conference in 2010 and 2013.

Although his immediate focus will be punditry work with British broadcaster Sky TV, Henry has not ruled out a coaching career.

I don't know if I can be a good coach or not but the desire is there he told Sky.

 Unsecured footage from thousands of webcams around the world -- including in the United States and western Europe -- has been accessed and streamed by a website thought to be based in the Russian Federation British officials say.The website's operator claims to be republishing the feeds -- from sources including CCTV and baby monitors -- to highlight security weaknesses.So what can consumers do to find out if their privacy has been violated and to prevent it from happening again?CNN spoke to Andrew Paterson senior technology officer at Britain's independent authority on information rights -- the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) -- which issued a warning about the web cams Thursday and Jules Polonetsky executive director of the Future of Privacy Forum think tank.How can you tell if your webcam feed has been compromised?Paterson suggests the first step for concerned consumers should be to check the security settings on their web camera and ensure that their password is not set to default.It's a website that's republished the feeds from many thousands of unsecured web cams and CCTV cameras. I believe you can view more or less live footage and it looks like one person has automatically scanned the internet for unsecured cameras and then aggregated this information in one site, Paterson says.If you're particularly interested you could try to find your country, you could try to find the region or city that camera is in.The website guesses location based on IP addresses and has a list of countries from where it is publishing feeds ranking them by number of unsecured cameras discovered. At the time of writing the U.S. tops the list -- with 4591 feeds followed by France the Netherlands Japan Italy and the United Kingdom.What devices are affected?CCTV cameras and baby monitors are among the devices that feeds have been taken from. But many others could be affected.In theory, if you have a web camera and it is interface accessible over the internet, it could be at risk, Paterson says.Paterson says in the case of the Russian website it appears that the operator has concentrated on only a few makes.The worry is that others may also have accessed such feeds he says: "It appears that the person responsible is trying to raise awareness but it's possible other people are doing other things."Polonetsky says it's valuable to teach the lesson that web cameras need to be secured but says there have to be better ways than publishing people's feeds online.He says similar problems have existed for years.Almost scarier is that there are thousands of other similarly unprotected devices on the web. We continually learn about some essential device that is web accessible, he says.There have been some very public examples of smart home equipment that could be accessed remotely, he says -- including devices to raise blinds or turn on lights remotely.If you can remotely access something, that means others can remotely access it as well and you need to lock it down -- or you're at risk.So what can I do to protect my privacy?Again Paterson stresses that having a strong password is critical.The one piece of advice I can give is that if you have a camera you should go and check if it's secured with a password and must double check it's not the default password, he says. "Secondly work out whether you actually need to view your webcam over the internet or not. If you don't then you might as well turn that feature off."While the ICO doesn't know the Russian website owner's intentions Paterson says that as far as it can tell the feeds have not been archived -- though they don't know for certain.It looks like if you change the default password and set a strong one it will no longer show up on website -- but the owner [on the Russian site] could do anything he or she wants, he says.But the same flaw that has allowed this website to access personal feeds could also have let other online users view your feed -- and they may not be broadcasting the fact.If you're able to log in remotely, then others are able to log in remotely. Either ensure that access is disabled or ensure you have a secure password, Polonetsky says.Could I seek redress if my camera feed has been accessed?Polonetsky suggests that delivering a product with a security weakness is "like selling houses without  a front door."Actually, it's worse, he says. "Here you're selling things to people who don't even know there's not a back door. It's completely irresponsible -- it's like selling a car without a key piece of safety equipment. These things are not safe to be on the internet."Polonetsky says it is possible that sellers of devices without basic data protection would be considered unfair to consumers under the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's standards.It could be considered unfair to sell a product that puts personal data at great risk. It will be interesting to see if any the sellers face action.In the UK Paterson says accessing a computer without authorization could well breach the Computer Misuse Act.If you have strong evidence that somebody has compromised your camera you may be able to take it to law enforcement, he says.The ICO itself regulates the Data Protection Act. "If the feed from your camera can identify individuals that would be personal data and if someone's processing that in an unfair or unlawful manner then it could breach the act he says.

As the website appears to be Russian-based, however, any potential legal action would require action from the authorities there. The ICO is currently trying to enlist their help to get the website taken down.

 (CNN) -- Scientists studying the carcass of what they call the heaviest squid ever found have discovered it has eyes as big as soccer balls -- reportedly the largest in the world.Scientists are interviewed while two colossal squids are defrosted. The one on the right is missing part of its body.The colossal squid's eyes were measured at about 27 centimeters (10.8 inches) across by researchers who have been defrosting it and a smaller specimen at Te Papa the national museum of New Zealand.This is the only intact eye (of a colossal squid) that's ever been found. It's spectacular, squid specialist Kat Bolstad of the Auckland University of Technology told The Associated Press on Wednesday.Bolstad one of a team of international scientists brought in to examine the creature added: "It's the largest known eye in the animal kingdom."His assertion was backed up by Swedish professor Eric Warrant of the University of Lund who specializes in vision in invertebrates.This is the largest eye ever recorded in history and studied, Warrant told AP. "It has a huge lens the size of an orange and captures an awful lot of light in the dark depths in which it hunts."Scientists snaked a camera into the colossal squid's body and measured its beak and tentacles in an exam broadcast live on the Internet.It didn't seem really fair that only a handful of people would get to see an animal like this up close, said Steve O'Shea a marine biologist at the Auckland University of Technology.He led a team that examined the corps of the colossal squid on Monday Tuesday and Wednesday in a lab at Wellington's Te Papa.It's the end of three days without much sleep, O'Shea told CNN. "It's been an exhausting exercise."Blog dispatches from the lab provided updates ("They're going to rotate the Squid!") peppered with commentary ("anything with lots of legs/tentacles gives me the willies but if it's here -- and not moving is a plus in my book -- you have to touch!")A New Zealand fishing boat snagged the squid in February 2007 as it sought toothfish in the Antarctic waters of the Ross Sea. The crew hauled in a line with many baited hooks and discovered a massive squid feasting on one of the hooked fish the museum says on its Web site.Researchers determined it was a colossal squid a species first documented in 2003 that tends to weigh more than the also-big giant squid.The larger colossal squid that scientists examined this week weighed 1091 pounds (495 kilograms) and measured about 32 feet (10 meters) the museum said.We probably have more questions than we have answers now, O'Shea said just after completing the exam.Yet the team made at least one key finding.When they measured the colossal squid's beak O'Shea said they were stunned to discover that it was shorter than colossal-squid beaks recovered from the stomachs of sperm whales which prey on squid.That led O'Shea to conclude that even heavier colossal squid lurk somewhere below the surface unseen by human eyes.They grow considerably larger, he said. E-mail to a friend (CNN) -- The finest buildings in the world have been named at the World Architecture Festival in Singapore.At a glittering ceremony Building of the Year was awarded to The Chapel in Vietnam designed by a21studio. Future Project of the Year was won by 5468796 Architecture + Number TEN Architectural Group for Art Gallery of Greater Victoria Canada.The three-day Festival now in its seventh year saw hundreds of firms from more than 50 countries competing in 27 different categories from Small Projects to Culture and Experimental.A total of 2000 architects designers clients and press converged on the spectacular Marina Bay Sands Hotel where in addition to awards ceremonies there were numerous lectures and conferences.10 great architecture towns and neighborhoodsAsian architects on the riseVictory for a21studio in the Building of the Year award was symbolic of an upsurge in competition entries from Asia which had a significant impact on this year's awards. Submissions from China Malaysia and Vietnam increased by up to 140%. They competed alongside more well-established firms like Aedas Zaha Hadid Architects and Foster & Partners.Asian firms quickly made their mark in the first two days with Vietnam firmly in the lead; Vo Trong Nghia Architects another Vietnamese firm won three awards including those for Future Projects Education and Hotel and Leisure.How China claimed the world's greatest architectural hitsOther winnersLandscape of the Year went to the National Arboretum Canberra Australia designed by Taylor Cullity Lethlean and Tonkin Zulaikha Greer and Small Project of the Year was awarded to The Pinch community library in China designed by John Lin and Olivier Ottevaere.Two new awards were added to this year's program.The Exterior Color Prize which recognized the creative use of color was awarded to Cook Robotham Architectural Burea for the Departments of Law and Central Administration Vienna University of Economics and Business Austria. The Wood Excellence Prize for the most exceptional timber project went to DSDHA for the Alex Monroe Studio in Snowfields UK.Highlights of day one included the Culture category which was won by Gustavo Penna Arquiteto & Associates for the Freedom of the Press Monument in Paranoá Brazil which resembles a huge translucent triangle lit from within and embedded in the earth.Biodesign: Why the future of our cities is soft and hairySGi Architects won the Religion category for La Ascension del Senor church in Seville Spain an angular stone-and-steel structure containing three large "voids".On day two the New And Old category was won by Rethinking the Split House designed by the Chinese architecture studio Neri&Hu Design and Research Office. Judges were impressed by the bold vision which involved replacing the rear wall of a three-storey 1930s townhouse in with plate glass.Rogers Stirk Harbour & Partners and Arup Associates won the Future Projects Experimental category with Skyfarm an eye-catching concept design proposal for a vertical farm that enables the cultivation of crops in high-density areas.A full list of the winners can be found at the World Architecture Festival website.Africa's most exciting architectsIs architecture dead? (CNN) -- As Michael Ballack finally calls time on his 17-year professional career German football can bask in the knowledge they boast the best two teams in Europe.But while the Champions League final between eventual winners Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund showcased all that is good about German football the 36-year-old has told CNN the domestic game may suffer as a result.As well as the continent's most glittering club prize Bayern won the German Cup and the Bundesliga by an incredible 25 points.Dortmund who won the championship in the previous two seasons were their nearest challengers and the pair have accounted for five of the last six titles.Ballack told CNN World Sport that duopoly could be bad news for the Bundesliga if Germany's top league starts to resemble Spain where Barcelona and Real Madrid reign supreme.In Germany we have a situation now where Dortmund and Bayern are far, far more away from the other teams, and that's what we don't want to see in the Bundesliga, said Ballack who has 98 Germany caps to his name.We have a little bit of a similar situation in Spain with Barca and Madrid, and in the (English) Premier League it's more open.

These last years we could see a lot of surprises and from the bottom (a team) could beat the first one. It was exciting and the Bundesliga was good to see. Bayern Munich is heading away a little bit so we will see how it develops in the future."Bayern's historic treble confirmed them as the dominant force in Germany and with their considerable financial muscle they are already planning on extending their superiority over the rest.Shortly before the end of the season it was announced that Mario Gotze -- one of Dortmund's best players -- would be joining Bayern for $49 million with striker Robert Lewandowski expected to make a similar move in the coming weeks.While the man who masterminded Bayern's success in 2013 Jupp Heynckes is retiring his replacement is Pep Guardiola who won a total of 14 trophies in four years as coach of Barcelona.So how can the other teams Dortmund included keep up with the Bayern juggernaut?With money, Ballack jokes. "No it's difficult for the weaker teams to close the gap because like I said the bigger teams still invest and they could invest.If you take Bayern Munich, they just bought six months ago Javi Martinez for $52 million, now Gotze for $49 million. So that's a lot of money and it's not possible I think to do it for any other club in Germany.

It is just Bayern Munich who has this good position and from a financial point really good and really healthy. And that's important.Dortmund as well, they are trying to close the gap between them and the other teams, but of course Bayern Munich are far away from the others.Guardiola comes with a reputation as one of the game's leading coaches but given the standards Bayern set this season Ballack thinks the Spaniard will struggle to improve the team.I think sometimes when you come in (as a new coach) you think 'I have to change something.' But if you see this Bayern Munich team now, I can't really see where he needs to change.

Obviously he has his own idea of football and how he wants to play. I'm sure he's seen a lot of games if not all in the last six months from Bayern Munich and he knows there's not much to improve.It's an incredible level that they've played in the last six months or the last year. And like I said before, the little details. Maybe change something just to change something because you want to play your own style.

But on the other side like I said you can't really change a lot because everything works well. But I'm sure he's a smart guy and a good coach and he will handle it."Ballack's farewell match in Leipzig saw a World XI coached by new Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho take on a Germany XI coached by Rudi Voller.Former teammates Didier Drogba now at Galatasaray Ukrainian Andriy Shevchenko Bayern captain Philipp Lahm and seven-time Formula One world champion Michael Schumacher among others took part.Mourinho managed Ballack at Chelsea and has now returned to London for a second stint after his three-year tenure at Real Madrid ended in disappointment.One of the Portuguese's first engagements will be to renew his rivalry with Guardiola when Chelsea play Bayern in the UEFA Super Cup at the end of August.And Ballack who won one Premier League title and two FA Cups in his four years at Chelsea and three Bundesliga crowns with Bayern says his time with Mourinho was a golden spell in his career.He has a fantastic reputation at (Chelsea), also I think in England. He's a charismatic manager and I really enjoyed working with him for two years and most of the players as well I can say.

I think (his image) is not always what you see in the media. What we have as players is another picture. And that's the picture in the dressing room.It's the daily work with him on the pitch and his speeches when he talks to us. And that's what I can say is special, because his attitude, his personality, if he comes in front of the group if he talks to us.

What's fantastic is he brought the team behind him. And that shows not just in Chelsea he also adapted really well on the international (stage). He worked in Italy he worked in Spain and everywhere he had success." WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Activists say the U.S. is handing the enemy a victory the longer it allows the detention of enemy combatants at the U.S Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay Cuba.When we leave them at Guantanamo, in a military prison, we give them a status they don't deserve, said John Hutson a former U.S. Navy judge advocate general. "We make them heroes and martyrs to their friends and colleagues back in terrorist camps he said.

Ten years after the first detainees were brought to Guantanamo from what was considered the battlefield in Afghanistan after 9/11, constitutional and judicial experts held a news conference Wednesday to say the Obama administration needs to restore American values of human rights and the rule of law.

Hundreds of protesters rallied later outside the White House as part of the event, with organizers saying the rally was to call on President Obama to keep his promise and shutter Guantanamo Bay now."Under the Bush administration the United States claimed that Guantanamo Bay detainees are not on U.S. soil and therefore not covered by the U.S. Constitution and that "enemy combatant" status means they can be denied some legal protections.President Barack Obama in January 2009 ordered the camp to be closed within a year citing security concerns. But as of July of last year 171 detainees remained at Guantanamo.Their prolonged and murky circumstances were the focus of the Wednesday event.There is no case that is so important that we should sacrifice our dedication to human rights and rule of law, Hutson said. "It's not a rule of law unless it applies all the time and it's not a human right unless it applies to all people."Morris Davis a former chief prosecutor for the military commissions at Guantanamo said political interference from back home during the Bush administration blocked any basis for a fair trial.Initially I was probably the leading proponent for Guantanamo, and for military commissions, Davis a retired Air Force colonel said Wednesday. But he eventually resigned after he said the Bush administration pressured him to use evidence he felt was obtained through torture.I believed at the time that we were committed to having full, fair and open trials, Davis said. "I resigned when I lost confidence that that was our commitment."Obama in a 2009 speech delivered in Cairo Egypt acknowledged that the U.S. had acted "contrary to our ideals" in the time that followed the 9/11 attacks. After telling his Middle East audience he had "unequivocally prohibited the use of torture Obama then said he had ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed on a timetable that would have ended about a year ago.

If we roll up the Constitution every time that there's a difficult factual situation we might as well roll up the entire democracy said Vincent Warren, executive director of the Center for Constitutional Rights.

Talat Hamdani, a Muslim American whose son died in the attacks on World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, spoke at the rally in front of the White House.

We say we are not at war with Islam yet actions do speak louder than words Hamdani said. Guantanamo is a shame -- a disgrace for our nation and we need to set the record straight by leading by example."Despite a steady downpour of rain the large group of protesters -- including some in orange jumpsuits symbolizing the Guantanamo Bay detainee uniforms marched past the White House and on to the Supreme Court following the rally.CNN's Lindy Royce-Bartlett contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Do not go backstage at Cirque Du Soleil. It will only hurt your self-esteem.Anthony Gatto says he's been in training since he was 3 years old and performing since he was 8.In the performers' tent for the touring show "Kooza there are the chiseled men catapulting their partners onto each other's shoulders from a giant see-saw and the woman doing contortions on children's-sized blocks.

You can only take so much of this before your ego needs normal.

Normal might be that man in the corner, wearing a T-shirt, shorts and sneakers throwing balls in the air. How hard can that be?

Your self-worth will be quickly dashed again when the man picks up a soccer ball, bounces it on his head and jumps rope at the same time. Moments later, he's juggling six or seven orange rings (they move so fast, it looks like a blur) and then does a pirouette -- while all the rings are in the air -- and then catches them on his arm.  Watch the juggler in action »

You could say Anthony Gatto went into the family business. But his stepfather wasn't a farmer or a doctor. He was a juggler.

By the time I was 8 I was entered into a juggling competition and incidentally that was the same competition that Patrick Dempsey the actor was in Gatto said. He used to be a juggler. We competed against each other. I took first he took second. Now he's a big actor and here I am juggling."Gatto is being modest. In fact he didn't audition for "Kooza." The show went looking for him.I have right now 11 juggling world records, he said. "Some of them I've held since I was 16 years old and they have yet to be beaten."Imagine a wearable disco ball. That's not too different from the form-fitting outfit Gatto wears onstage. Backstage it's a long-sleeve T-shirt gym shorts and sneakers.But there's nothing casual about his daily routine. He typically works out and practices six to seven hours a day to prepare for his 10 minutes in the spotlight. In fact he is practicing until moments before he runs on stage.Juggling is something that is so delicate, you have to have a really good feel, you can lose that in minutes, he said. "There are so many variables that can affect you. If it's a humid day it's a very difficult task to get through the number that I do. The wind if there's any air current in there and you're expecting to catch a ring and it blows an inch you miss it."But he rarely misses -- at least not in his act. This performer who relies on coordination and concentration 350 shows a year admits his most embarrassing moment has nothing to do with balls clubs or rings. It's acting that trips him up.I have fallen as the delivery-man character in the show. In fact, I have done this a few times, he said. "I like to think it's because I put my heart and soul into the characters I'm portraying."Surrounded by all this talent and precision there is some comfort in knowing one of the best -- maybe the best juggler in the world -- is also a klutz. Copiaco Chile (CNN) -- The wife of one of the 33 men trapped 2300 feet below ground in Chile gave birth Tuesday to a daughter a relative said.Elizabeth Segovia wife of Ariel Ticona was recovering in a hospital after giving birth to a 4-kilogram (8.8 lbs.) 48-centimeter (19-inch) girl said Ticona's sister Veronica Ticona.The daughter was to have been named Carolina but that plan was changed after the August 5 cave-in trapped her father Veronica Ticona said.Nearly two weeks ago Segovia got a handwritten letter from her husband -- sent through the 4-inch-wide hole that has served as an umbilical cord to the miners -- proposing they name their daughter Esperanza Elizabeth instead. Esperanza is Spanish for hope.First, because we never lost hope; second, because it's the name of the camp where the families are living; and third, because the 33 miners never lost hope either, Segovia said earlier in September.Esperanza is believed to be the first child born to any of the 33 men since they were trapped.Read the latest on the rescue effortsIn the 40 days that have followed their contact with the outside world has been limited to what rescuers have been able to pass through the narrow hole that reaches into the cave ceiling.Ticona said her brother was told of the birth by a video conference system. "He is very happy to be a father she said.

Segovia discovered that their child would be a girl by looking at a grainy ultrasound on August 4, the day before the mine collapse. My world just collapsed she said earlier this month. I couldn't react. I just cried and cried."But she added she forced herself to stop crying because doing so adversely affected her fetus.The tube to the mine has carried life-affirming news in both directions. A few days after seeing her daughter on grainy flickering ultrasound images Segovia saw her husband on grainy video that the miners shot by the flickering lights mounted on their mining helmets then packed into the tube for the journey upward.With her daughter's arrival Tuesday Segovia is now waiting for her husband's arrival in the months ahead.The couple also have two sons ages 5 and 9.CNN's Karl Penhaul contributed to this story. (CNN) -- If you don't like mangoes look away now.This article includes a "mango" word count well in excess of what is normally reasonable.It features mango culinary demonstrations mango samplings mango lectures mango medics a mango auction and even a mango summit.That's because I attended the International Mango Festival held in the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden in Miami earlier this month.It's an annual event one that draws enthusiasts like myself and also mango "experts" who gather to talk taste and slurp their way around this sweetest drippiest of fruits.I imagine most are still reading.After all who doesn't like mangoes?The United States is the world's biggest importer of mangoes buying in more than 300000 tons of them in 2010 worth around $280 million according to the UN's FAO figures.That's not as much bananas -- in the same year the U.S. imported more than 4 million tons of bananas worth nearly $2 billion.But clearly we have a liking for this red-yellow fruit.My mission I decided was to try and discover if there is such a thing as a "perfect" mango and if so where I could find it.Hundreds of varietiesIt's not as absurd a mission as you might think -- there are an estimated one thousand mango varieties grown around the world the Fairchild Garden has a collection of 600 types and they're all quite different.Surprisingly, only 20 of those are commercially traded, says Noris Ledesma the curator of tropical fruit for Fairchild's Tropical Fruit Program.The most common are Tommy Atkins, Ataulfo, Kent and Keitt. With the exception of Ataulfo, which is from Mexico, all other varieties are from Florida.Mangoes were introduced to the United States in the early 1900s by David Fairchild the then manager of the Office of Seed and Plant Introduction of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.His global seed explorations brought thousands of seeds plants and crops into the country including the mango.Originally from South Asia the mango moved to Africa then South America and the Caribbean. Fairchild brought the mango into the U.S. from India.For Dr. Richard Campbell director of horticulture and senior curator of tropical fruit at the Fairchild mangoes are "a special fruit that have everything: aromas flavors colors and culture.They bring out passion and appeal to the common man and to the most sophisticated.So where should I start on my perfect mango mission?Mangoes from Indonesia do not taste the same as mangoes from India, Hawaii or Mexico. It's just geography, says Dr. Campbell.So perhaps I should start close by -- in Florida.Florida produces the majority of mangoes in the United States and it turns out South Floridians are exceptionally confident with their mango selections.Local favoritesStanding in front of the one dollar line for the mango tasting and flavor evaluations I ask festival attendee Stacey Griffin what she votes for.Her mango of choice is the Merritt a complex mango from Florida with layers of flavors.Griffin's second choice goes to the Champagne mango also known as the Ataulfo from Mexico with thick buttery flesh and a thin pit.For Griffin mangoes are great in all forms: hot cold as smoothies or in a cooked dish.For others including myself the choice is too overwhelming to make such an important decision so quickly.I wonder if there are tricks or techniques I should apply to come to a decision quicker.The best way to taste mango and to appreciate the complexity of the flavors is early in the morning with an empty stomach, says Ledesma.If you want to get really technical which is exactly what festivals like this seem to thrive on we can also argue over mango cultivation pruning crafting and market demand.The event features a long diary of workshops and displays and other proceedings on all things mango.I learn for instance that while India is the world's biggest producer of mangoes by some distance Mexico is the biggest supplier to the United States with China India and Brazil following.That doesn't necessarily mean Mexico has the best mangoes but the Champagne variety from Mexico is deliciously sweet with an appetizing orange color.Then there's the Keitt -- shining yellow and aromatic.There's the Manila from Philippines -- strong and sour.The Okrong from Thailand is also pleasant while the Kent variety is rather grassy.Mangoes during the festival sell for the modest price of $1-2 each but in Japan the price can go much higher.The Floridian mango sells for $80 a piece, says Ledesma. "It's given as a gift because its red color is a symbol of luck and abundance."Mango tastings don't have to involve the fruit in its pure form.Cut cooked creamedSoon I find myself trying mango-based dishes like sticky rice with mango mango ceviche and mango chutneys offered by local vendors and chefs.It all has a refreshing yet sweet flavor and the savory and spicy combinations intrigue me.Its versatility makes it easy-to-use in salads dips chutneys smoothies and even bread.But even after dozens of tastings I'm still looking at my notes unable to decide what makes a perfect mango.I seek alternative opinion once again.I definitely do not like Manila, says seven-year old son. "It's super sour."Dr. Campbell says it's almost impossible to decide what the "best" mango is.But that doesn't stop him picking one out.My favorite is the Edward because I grew up with it, I have it in my backyard, says Campbell. "It is safe and it reminds me of home."After two days of exploration numerous tastings and various conversations I finally decide on a favorite: I opt for the Fairchild mango from Panama named after David Fairchild.It's smooth creamy and fragrant its bold sweetness is addictive and I'm intrigued by the color.It's just a shame my choice means excluding so many delicious others. (CNN) -- London may be the center of attention this summer but venture beyond the Olympic Stadium and you'll find the real British Isles a world of ancient thatched cottages monumental castles elegant university towns and jagged peaks.You won't have to travel far to see why the British landscape so inspired the Romantic poets why A-listers flee the city for tiny medieval villages and why a pint in a pub selling hammers and nails tastes finer than any other on Earth.England: The CotswoldsFor a slice of picture-postcard England the Cotswolds make an easy excursion from London but feel half a world away. The wool trade boomed in these rolling hills in medieval times and today the region is littered with achingly pretty villages elegant old mansions graceful churches and atmospheric pubs most largely unchanged for centuries. Wander between rows of honey-colored almshouses and thatched cottages browse the antiques shops or stop for a cream tea and you'll feel transported back in time.Away from the tourists in Burford and Broadway you'll find quieter spots such as Chipping Campden with its long curving high street. Leading members of the arts and crafts movement were so enamored by the town they made it their home in the early 20th century and their founder William Morris settled in nearby Kelmscott in a gloriously unassuming riverside mansion. Another hidden gem Painswick lies to the west with its elegant rows of medieval terraced housing and wonderful rococo gardens. For the best pint head to the Falkland Arms in Great Tew a place so special I barely wish to share it.England: CambridgeSoaked in history and riddled with historic buildings the university town of Cambridge exudes a dreamy air of Old World sophistication. The august colleges hushed quadrangles manicured lawns and cobbled laneways give way to "The Backs a stretch of picturesque gardens bordering the meandering River Cam. Cambridge is an exclusive kind of place where gowned cyclists ply the streets and the academic elite debate life-changing questions in dimly lit pubs.

You can visit many of the University's 31 colleges, but don't miss the extraordinary King's College Chapel. Its mesmerizing fan-vaulted ceiling is best appreciated during Evensong when you can listen to the college's celebrated choir as you ponder your place in the universe. Art lovers should follow up the grand neoclassical Fitzwilliam Museum with the unassuming Kettle's Yard, a treasure trove of 20th-century art, ceramics and sculpture.

For the quintessential Cambridge experience, hop on a chauffeur-driven punt to the sleepy village of Grantchester. Once a favorite haunt of the influential Bloomsbury Group of writers, intellectuals and artists, this is the place for afternoon tea at the tranquil Orchard Tea Garden. From Cambridge, it's a short trip north to the charming town of Ely and its magnificent cathedral, whose soaring towers dominate the flat marshy fenland that surrounds the town.

England: Lake District

England's largest protected outdoor playground, the Lake District National Park, is a wild and winsome place full of craggy peaks, glittering lakes and moody fells. For walkers and climbers, there's a wealth of routes from which to choose. Try the Langdale Pikes, a chain of rugged hills offering spectacular views or for something less taxing, the Borger Dalr route.

The region provided ample inspiration for some of England's finest writers and poets, and today you can follow the William Wordsworth trail from his childhood home in Cockermouth to tiny Dove Cottage in Grasmere, and the more tranquil Rydal Mount in Ambleside, where you can sit in the house where he once tested his verse. Beatrix Potter's bucolic 17th-century farmhouse, Hill Top, is also here and scenes straight from her books lie around every corner.

Many of the main sights get extremely busy, as do cruises on the largest lake, Windermere. Instead head for Coniston Water, where a trip on the restored 19th-century Steam Yacht Gondola offers captivating views of the surrounding hills and drops you off at Brantwood, the fascinating former home of John Ruskin, Victorian art critic, philosopher and philanthropist.

Scotland: The Highlands and Islands

Big skies, craggy mountains, steely-gray lochs and cascading falls, the majestic, wild expanses of the Scottish Highlands are every bit as romantic as their celluloid reputation. The grand vistas, lonesome castles and isolated pubs where you can warm yourself by a peat fire, sip a dram of whisky and put the world to right are all just waiting to be explored. You can hike, bike, ski and fish, feast on seafood, dance a jig or even toss a caber (a large wooden pole thrown as a test of strength during the traditional Highland Games). The mercurial landscape of the Cairngorms National Park makes an excellent place to start. Sculpted by glaciers and home to golden eagles, wildcats and red deer, the ancient forests and bleak moorland here are simply spectacular.

For pure romance, head to Eilean Donan Castle. Perched on a rocky islet on the edge of Loch Duich, it is one of Scotland's most iconic sights. Nearby is the glorious Isle of Skye or head for the Hebrides to marvel at the mysterious standing stones at Callanish and dip your toes in the azure waters off Lewis and Harris. Possibly Scotland's most spectacular setting though is on far-flung Orkney, where you'll find the wonderfully preserved Skara Brae. The village, which predates the Egyptian pyramids, remains a testament to the ingenuity of the people of the day.

Wales: Snowdonia and North Wales

North Wales is one of the country's most spectacular and traditional regions.

Its high mountains and rough terrain deterred waves of invaders over the years, and its finest landscapes are protected as part of Snowdonia National Park. Snow-capped mountains, tumbling rivers, Stone Age burial chambers and Roman forts all lurk here. It's an excellent spot for gentle hiking or challenging climbs but rather than tackle the busy Mount Snowdon, head instead for Cader Idris, a legendary peak said to be an entrance to the underworld. Capel Curig makes a good base for walkers and climbers, but history buffs should head to one of the magnificent medieval castles that dot the area.

The intimidating fortresses at Harlech, Beaumaris, Conwy and Caernarfon jointly form a UNESCO World Heritage Site and are intriguing places to explore. Alternatively, catch the dramatic Ffestiniog Railway to the slate mines at Blaenau Ffestiniog to learn about the human side of Wales' industrial heritage. A short trip south and you enter an entirely different world at the whimsical Italianate village of Portmeirion. Set on a tranquil peninsula, this bizarre enclave was the brainchild of Welsh architect Sir Bertram Clough Williams-Ellis.

Ireland: Kerry

Gorgeously green and incredibly friendly, the lush scenery and unique atmosphere of Kerry have made it one of Ireland's most popular regions.

Here, emerald forests drip with moss, dramatic peaks lie shrouded in mist and water trickles everywhere. Head out from the tourist honeypot of Killarney around the Ring of Kerry with its glorious views, sandy beaches and ancient ruins.

It's a busy route in summer and the best way to leave the crowds behind is to take a trip to the early Christian monastery of Skellig Michael. Seven miles offshore and up 600 steep steps, you'll find the 6th-century beehive huts of what was once one of Europe's most remote religious communities. The sense of isolation here is humbling, and the views are nothing short of spectacular. Alternatively, you could take a trip in a pony and trap across the beautiful Gap of Dunloe which is flanked by Ireland's highest mountains, the McGillycuddy's Reeks.

Whatever you do, don't miss the Dingle Peninsula with its vast stretch of golden sand at Inch, scenic Conor Pass and beguiling eponymous town where you can down a pint in the wonderfully atmospheric Dick Mack's pub/hardware store.

Northern Ireland: the Causeway Coast

Northern Ireland's troubled reputation has been hard to shake off, but wander this way and you'll be rewarded with the peace and tranquility of a place the world has yet to discover. Beyond Belfast's black taxi tours, urban regeneration and stunning new Titanic experience, the biggest draw is the otherworldly Giant's Causeway.

Here, more than 38,000 interlocking basalt columns form a patchwork of stepping stones that stretch out into the sea. This extraordinary landscape marks the start of the legendary Finn McCool's bridge to Scotland, although a rival theory suggests it's merely a geological phenomenon formed 50 million to 60 million years ago.

From here the beautiful Causeway Coast stretches in both directions. Head east to reach Carrick-a-Rede, where a narrow swaying rope bridge connects the mainland to a little island traditionally known for its salmon fishing, or go west to the dramatic ruins of Dunluce Castle. Perched on a clifftop, the fortress partly collapsed into the sea in 1639 and today a narrow bridge forges the gap between the main castle and its courtyard. Alternatively, you could just hop on the historic train line to Bushmills, where you'll find the world's oldest legal distillery.

 New York (CNN) -- The mayor of Newark has called for an investigation into a far-reaching New York Police Department surveillance program that was allegedly conducted in the New Jersey city's Muslim's neighborhoods.The Newark Police Department was not involved in joint operations with the New York Police Department as was described in the disclosed NYPD report, Mayor Cory Booker said Wednesday referring to a leaked internal New York police document that allegedly detailed police surveillance of Muslim-owned business and mosques across the city.I strongly believe that we must be vigilant in protecting our citizens from crime and terrorism but to put large segments of a religious community under surveillance with no legitimate cause or provocation clearly crosses a line, he said.New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie also called the development "disturbing" and has asked the state's attorney general to investigate.The 60-page report first obtained by The Associated Press showed maps of Newark and photographs of Muslim residences and mosques.There was no statement in the document regarding terrorism or criminal activity.The New Jersey mayor's statement comes a day after New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg defended the extent of police surveillance against critics who have suggested authorities went too far.We have to keep this country safe, the mayor told reporters addressing questions about a separate report also leaked to AP that indicated the New York police were closely monitoring Muslim student associations in schools across the Northeast.If people put things on websites and make them available to everybody, of course the NYPD is going to look at anything that's publicly available in the public domain, Bloomberg said. "And given we've had a dozen people arrested or convicted of terrorist acts who've come from similar organizations we have an obligation to do so."That report said police have tracked websites and on one occasion sent an undercover officer with students from the City College of New York on a whitewater rafting trip.The police department goes where there are allegations, Bloomberg said.But Yale University President Richard Levin described New York's surveillance program as "antithetical to the values" of the New Haven Connecticut university and those of the nation.When a reporter asked if police had gone too far by sending the agent on the rafting trip Bloomberg responded "No."Police spokesman Paul Browne told CNN that his agency does not monitor students directly but confirmed it monitors websites they use.In any case where you see an NYPD officer present, it's an indication that we were looking at an individual, he said.The Columbia University Muslim Students Association condemned the police practice in a statement this week.We are concerned that news reports about NYPD's presence on our campus have a chilling effect on the intellectual freedom necessary for a vibrant academic community, it read.In December a prominent group of Muslim leaders boycotted Bloomberg's annual interfaith breakfast in protest of the controversial program.The move stemmed from a series of earlier news reports that raised questions about the nature of a CIA partnership with the New York police that allegedly helped to build city intelligence programs to spy on Muslims.The boycott stood in a stark contrast to the goodwill the mayor earned among Muslim leaders when he defended plans for a controversial Islamic community center near the former site of the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan.The CIA later announced its internal watchdog found no issue or evidence of wrongdoing in the spy agency's partnership with New York police. (CNN) -- Bayern Munich coach Louis Van Gaal has signed a one-year contract extension with the German champions.The Dutchman's current deal was due to expire at the end of the Bundesliga season but the club confirmed on Monday that Van Gaal's new contract will take him through until June 2012.Bayern won the title last season but have endured a tough start to the current campaign. They are sitting ninth in the table after losing two of their opening six games and were defeated at home by league leaders Mainz on Saturday.But chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge told the club's official website that they were keen for the coach to stay despite Bayern's patchy form.I always prefer doing things which might not have been expected, he said. "People are always extending contracts after victories so this sends out a very good signal to the world at large about our opinion of the coach's value even though we lost to Mainz."Speaking ahead of Bayern's Champions League tie with Swiss team FC Basel on Tuesday Van Gaal said: "My first priority is always the sporting perspective. Winning things is always important and you can win things with a top club like Bayern Munich."The 59-year-old led Bayern to the Champions League final for the first time since 2001 last season where they were beaten 2-1 by Inter Milan then coached by Jose Mourinho.Van Gaal said his "outstanding" relationship with his playing staff and the board were major factors in his decision to commit.He added: "I couldn't wish for anything better. The chemistry's right. You get to know each other properly in difficult situations. We're seeing it again right now.These are tough times, but the board is keeping the faith -- the faith which took us to the Champions League final in Madrid.Rummenigge said Bayern valued their coach highly: "He does a superb job every day. We're recognizing that with this contract extension."Bayern's captain -- Dutch midfielder Mark van Bommel -- welcomed the news. He said: "The coach signing a new deal is a very good sign. He's doing a great job."One of Germany's stars of the World Cup Thomas Muller echoed the comments of his captain. "Van Gaal been extremely important for me so far he's made a huge contribution to my career. That settles the matter which is good for him for us and for the club as a whole." (CNN) -- Two leading Jewish watchdog groups are denouncing a prominent cartoonist's illustration about Israel's offensive in Gaza saying it uses anti-Semitic imagery.The cartoon was published Wednesday in newspapers and on the Internet.The Anti-Defamation League which has been fighting anti-Semitism since it was founded in 1913 called the syndicated cartoon by Pulitzer Prize-winning Pat Oliphant "hideously anti-Semitic."The Simon Wiesenthal Center which among other things fights anti-Semitism and educates people about the Holocaust said "the cartoon mimics the venomous anti-Semitic propaganda of the Nazi and Soviet eras."Published Wednesday in newspapers and on the Internet the cartoon shows the small figure of a woman labeled Gaza carrying a child. She is being pursued by a headless jackbooted figure wielding a sword marching in an apparent goose-step and pushing a fanged Jewish star on a wheel.The Anti-Defamation League said the cartoon used "Nazi-like imagery" and a "hateful evocation of the Star of David."Abraham H. Foxman the ADL's national director said the cartoon's "outlandish and offensive use of the Star of David in combination with Nazi-like imagery is hideously anti-Semitic."It employs Nazi imagery by portraying Israel as a jack-booted, goose-stepping headless apparition, Foxman said. "The implication is of an Israeli policy without a head or a heart. Israel's defensive military operation to protect the lives of its men women and children who are being continuously bombarded by Hamas rocket attacks has been turned on its head to show the victims as heartless headless aggressors."The Wiesenthal Center which also issued its statement Wednesday said it urged The New York Times Web site and other Web sites to remove the cartoon.There is nothing about Oliphant's cartoon not meant to denigrate and demonize the Jewish state, from the headless goose-stepping soldier to the horrific depiction of the Star of David about to devour a cowering innocent Gazan woman holding a baby, Rabbi Marvin Hier the group's dean and Rabbi Abraham Cooper the group's associate dean said in a joint statement.The imagery in this cartoon mimics the venomous anti-Semitic propaganda of the Nazi and Soviet eras. It is cartoons like this that inspired millions of people to hate in the 1930's and help set the stage for the Nazi genocide, the statement said.A spokeswoman for Universal Press Syndicate which distributes Oliphant's work issued a statement defending him saying he "like all editorial cartoonists uses his art to comment on important issues of the day widely reported in the worldwide media -- in this case the conflict over Gaza. That his cartoons sometimes spark intense debate is a testament to his talent."Universal said no media outlet had informed the syndicate that it removed the cartoon but "Oliphant's clients are not contractually bound to inform us."A New York Times spokeswoman said "We did not run the cartoon in the newspaper nor do we plan to do so."She said NYTimes.com has by contract with uclick.com an "Oliphant" button on the cartoons page. "Yesterday those who clicked on it saw the cartoon you mentioned which is now relegated to the Oliphant archive she said.

Imagery and rhetoric comparing Israel to Nazis have been deployed by Israel's persistent critics, who decry the Jewish state's treatment of Palestinians as oppressive and brutal. Israel and its supporters defend the state as humane and say it has properly defended itself against attacks.

There has been sharp criticism of Israel's offensive against Hamas militants in Gaza who launched rockets into southern Israeli towns.

Human Rights Watch said Wednesday the Israeli military's firing of white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas during the offensive was indiscriminate and is evidence of war crimes a claim denied by Israel.

Israel has said that Hamas militants situated themselves among civilians during the offensive.

Oliphant, who won the Pulitzer in 1967, has been a dominant figure in the editorial cartoon world.

His work has been distributed since 1980 by Universal Press Syndicate, which calls the Australian native one of the sharpest most daring practitioners" among editorial cartoonists. He has received many honors and his cartoons have been exhibited across the world.In 1998, the Library of Congress commemorated the acquisition of 60 of his works with a special exhibition at the Library's Great Hall, according to an Oliphant biography on the Universal Web site.This isn't the first time Oliphant's cartoons have drawn criticism.The American Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee in 2005 "wrote to the San Francisco Chronicle and Universal Press Syndicate to communicate concern over racist depictions of Arabs according to the group's Web site, and the Asian American Journalists Association criticized offensive stereotypes in cartoons in 1999, 2001 and 2007.

Debates over offensive editorial cartoons are not uncommon.

Keith Woods, dean of faculty at the Poynter Institute, a journalism school in St. Petersburg, Florida, was asked to comment on the reaction to the cartoon, whether the cartoon was improper, and at what point in the editorial process an editor can say a product has gone too far.

He said he understands the positions the Jewish groups and Israeli policy critics bring to the table.

He said he believes Oliphant is saying that Israel is behaving toward the Palestinians the way the Nazis behaved toward the Jews" and that he is stating an opinion shared by many in the Middle East and the world.I believe that like the caricatures they are, editorial cartoons by their nature exaggerate their messages, so I don't think Oliphant is suggesting a one-to-one comparison. So I get the message, instead, that Israel is acting brutally toward the Palestinians.He also believes the ADL and the Wiesenthal Center "are saying that the cartoon is at least doing unintentional harm (if not more calculated harm)."I see their point. There are symbols -- and the Nazi extermination of the Jews is surely one of them -- that can only truly be analogized to their equals. Unadulterated evil compared with unadulterated evil. Israel's ongoing battles with its Arab neighbors may be many things, but it is not The Final Solution.As for the question of how news organizations should handle and discuss such a cartoon Woods said that "Oliphant clearly has the right to provoke or offend. The question for him is: Do you truly wish to conflate a complex historic conflict with one of the most evil acts in history? And for the newspapers that carry the cartoon -- and their behavior here is equally open to critique -- do you wish to perpetuate such a comparison?" It should have been a great morning for Richie Incognito. A brand new black Ferrari was delivered to his Florida house on Tuesday.Instead he is at the center of national media attention and exiled from his NFL team after a Miami Dolphins teammate made allegations of misconduct against him.Dolphins coach Joe Philbin suspended Incognito on Sunday night.You know, I'm just trying to weather the storm right now. And this will pass, he told CNN affiliate WSVN outside a doctor's office in Weston Florida on Tuesday.Incognito said he didn't want to comment on media reports that he sent line-mate Jonathan Martin voice mails containing racial slurs and threats of physical violence. When asked about his status with the team Incognito closed the door to his car without answering and drove away.ESPN NFL.com and other media outlets reported that representatives for Martin on Sunday submitted the voice mails and texts to the league and the Dolphins. One of the messages from April contained a reference to Martin's biracial background according to ESPN's sources.Hey, wassup, you half (expletive) piece of (expletive). I saw you on Twitter, you been training 10 weeks. I'll (expletive) in your (expletive) mouth. I'm gonna slap your (expletive) mouth, I'm gonna slap your real mother across the face (laughter). (Expletive) you, you're still a rookie. I'll kill you.Philbin told reporters on Monday he made the decision to suspend Incognito "based on the information that I had at that time." He didn't give a reason for the move.Martin left the team suddenly last week and has not commented publicly on why he walked away in the middle of the season. He remains on the team's roster (meaning he will be paid for this week) though last week he was listed as inactive with an "illness."Also Tuesday celebrity gossip website TMZ posted a video of Incognito at a bar shouting at the top of his lungs while pacing wildly around a pool table topless. He uses profanity and the N-word in referring to one of his teammates who is also there. Martin doesn't appear in the video and TMZ only said the video was recorded earlier this year.CNN reached out multiple times to representatives for each player but hasn't received comment.Richie Incognito Jonathan Martin and the NFL's futureCafeteria incident sparked departureLast week the Dolphins announced Martin had taken "a leave of absence."Philbin said Martin left the team after an incident at the team's cafeteria. Jay Glazer an NFL analyst for FoxSports.com reported that some of his teammates got up from a lunch table as a joke when Martin sat down. The lineman threw his food tray hard to the ground he reported. Glazer later tweeted the incident was a final straw for Martin.The coach said representatives for Martin contacted the team on Sunday with their concerns. The Dolphins spent Sunday gathering information after which he suspended Incognito Philbin said.Several media outlets said Martin had left the Dolphins because of bullying something Incognito denied on Twitter.Shame on you for attaching my name to false speculation, one of the tweets said according to Bleacher Report. That tweet and others addressed to various media outlets were later deleted.A post from Sunday remained a day later: "Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun the moon and the truth -- Buddha."Philbin said he met with Martin and also talked with members of his family before Sunday and the second-year player didn't say anything about player misconduct.The team said Sunday in a statement that Incognito a nine-year veteran at offensive guard was suspended for detrimental conduct.We believe in maintaining a culture of respect for one another and as a result we believe this decision is in the best interest of the organization at this time, the team said in a statement on its website.The Miami Herald reported that a Dolphins source said Incognito is "done" with the team. A Dolphins spokesman had no comment.'Teddy bear off the field'Chris Draft played with Incognito when both were with the St. Louis Rams in 2007 and 2008. Incognito's on-field aggressive persona was nothing like his personality away from the playing field Draft said.He was really kind of a big teddy bear off the field. My wife actually loved him, he said.The Sporting News takes a yearly poll of NFL players and in 2009 they dubbed Incognito the dirtiest player in the league.The Rams released Incognito in December 2009 after an argument during a game with then-head coach Steve Spagnuolo. He played with the Buffalo Bills for three games before joining the Dolphins.Incognito who played in the Pro Bowl all-star game in January appeared to have calmed down on the field according to a profile on NFL.com. Incognito pointed to meditation as a positive tool he used.The NFL will review the case league spokesman Greg Aiello said Monday.I will tell you that if the review shows that this is not a safe atmosphere I will take whatever measures are necessary to assure that it is, Philbin said. "I have that obligation to the players that I coach on a daily basis."The NFL Players Association has said the union has not started an investigation.NFL's pecking orderDolphins rookie Will Davis said he hasn't experienced any acts of bullying or hazing.I think a lot of people think of hazing as being cruel, but I don't see anything like that in this locker room, he said. "But it depends on how you take hazing. I've always thought the guys in here were great."He said everyone on the team loves Incognito.I was shocked, he said.Wide receiver Mike Wallace said there was a lot of respect for both players.I know both of those guys personally, he said. "I feel like they are both good guys."Former Dolphins linebacker Channing Crowder told "Piers Morgan Live" that a locker room is often a place where players are trying to establish a pecking order.People cannot compare it to working at a regular job he said because it involves physically aggressive men with big egos competing and trying to prove their manhood.NFL players are "a bunch of testosterone-filled alpha males who are trying to find their place on the totem pole he told Morgan.

He said when Incognito joined the team, he would test people to see where he stood with them.

He is a guy that needs to know his place with you Crowder said.

Incognito also apparently liked to play pranks. In a segment shown on an HBO series that follows one NFL team during each preseason, Incognito figured out a teammate's iPad password. He then teased the player about a status update he made for the player and joked about the player's fiancee.

Hard Knocks" has given audiences a look inside team dynamics sometimes giving viewers a glimpse at life for rookies. And inevitably some of the younger players get hazed.Hazing on the decline?Still former Dolphins running back Ricky Williams said it occurs less frequently in the NFL than most people think.Really I haven't seen much hazing, he said in an interview on "The Lead with Jake Tapper."He said it's a well-known "rite of passage" for a high draft pick to pick up a big dinner bill for some other players on the team.Once you sign that contract there's a lot of rules, written and unwritten, that you are expected to follow, he said. "For me this is something that should be handled internally. I don't think the media I don't think fans I don't think anyone outside is really in a position to really fully understand what occurs inside of a locker room and inside of a football team." (CNN) -- Was it George Zimmerman or Trayvon Martin who screamed for help the night the 17-year-old Martin was shot dead?That could depend on which mother the jury believes.Both Zimmerman's and Martin's mothers expressed no hesitation Friday in separate court appearances as to whose panicked voice is heard screaming during a 911 call from that February 26 2012 night in Sanford Florida: Each said it was her son.That contradiction -- with Sybrina Fulton insisting it was her son Trayvon who cried out while Gladys Zimmerman said it was her son George who was yelling after being attacked by the teen -- was central to Friday's court proceedings and central to the second-degree murder case unfolding in central Florida.Zimmerman has pleaded not guilty and claimed he shot the teenager in self-defense. The 911 call played twice in court on Friday his lawyers claim back up their assertion that it was Martin and not their client who was the aggressor.Testifying late Friday afternoon Gladys Zimmerman said she was sure George was the one yelling. Why?Because he's my son.She answered "all of the above" when asked whether she had ever before heard her George Zimmerman laugh loudly or cry out for help. This instance though Gladys Zimmerman admits was different.I haven't heard him like that before, she said as her son wiped away tears in the courtroom. "The anguish the way that he is screaming it describes to me anguish fear I would say terror."Contrast that to the very different story offered a few hours earlier by Sybrina Fulton who was stoic as prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda played the 911 call.When asked whether she recognized the screaming voice the mother -- who earlier stated that her son was "in heaven" -- said it was that of "Trayvon Benjamin Martin."Trayvon Martin shooting: Fast FactsDefense attorney Mark O'Mara followed up by asking her "As his mother there was no doubt it was him screaming?"She replied: "Absolutely."O'Mara then raised the possibility her son not Zimmerman was to to blame. "You certainly hope as a mom that your son Trayvon Martin would not have done anything that led to his death correct?" he asked.What I hoped for, said Fulton "is that nothing happened and he'd still be here. That's my hope."Parents' comments pivotal or do they cancel each other?More than a year ago the tale of what happened between Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman captured the nation's attention and shone a spotlight on gun laws as well as race -- given that Martin is African-American while Zimmerman is Hispanic.Moreover the case prompted some to question Florida's "Stand Your Ground" law which gives a person facing a "presumption of fear of death or great bodily harm" extra protections should they respond with force instead of retreat. Ultimately Zimmerman chose not to utilize that specific defense.The trial kicked off nearly two weeks ago with impassioned opening arguments.The prosecution suggested Zimmerman whom they painted as a neighborhood watch volunteer who overstepped his bounds had "profiled" Martin because he was black. They called to the stand the 911 dispatcher who told Zimmerman not to follow Martin though he did anyway. Then there were crime scene and autopsy photos.And of course there was the testimony of Rachel Jeantel who said she'd been on the phone with her friend Trayvon Martin in the minutes before his death. She testified that she'd heard Martin call out "Why are you following me for?" and then say "Get off before their call was cut off.

Jeantel has been described as the defense's star witness. That may still be true. But in many ways, Friday was the most emotional and potentially pivotal day in the trial to date.

O'Mara isn't disputing that latter assertion. He told CNN's Brooke Baldwin on Friday night that once the jury decides who was screaming for help (on the 911 call) if they can I think everything else falls in line."Speaking to CNN O'Mara says he doesn't dispute that Fulton genuinely believes it was her son's voice. But so does Gladys Zimmerman of her own son the defense lawyer says arguing that "all the other evidence would suggest" that the screaming voice is indeed that of George Zimmerman.And even if not everyone sees it that say O'Mara opined it's possible each woman's testimony may cancel each other out.Opinion: Can Zimmerman win over the jurors?I think the jury is going to look at this and say both of these women just have to live with the belief that it is, in fact, their son, O'Mara said. "And they are going to make a determination not based on what each mom says but on the other evidence."Daryl Parks a lawyer for Martin's family didn't entirely disagree -- telling CNN that he didn't think the case ultimately "is going to hinge on whose voice you're hearing."The six jurors all women will weigh both mother's credibility others' testimony and a host of evidence. When all the testimony and presentations are over Parks said he expects they'll agree on a verdict: guilty.He said "At the end of the day we do not believe that George Zimmerman had to pull out a gun and shoot Trayvon Martin in the heart."Defense challenges medical examinerSybrina Fulton and Gladys Zimmerman weren't the only members of their respective families to take the stand Friday.Jahvaris Fulton Martin's older brother testified Friday morning about the voice on the 911 call. The 22-year-old college student said he was certain that it was his brother even as he added that he had "heard him (Martin) yell" before but "not like that."Hours later it was Jorge Meza's turn. He testified right after Zimmerman's mother.A deputy sheriff in Orange County -- which is just south of Sanford both in central Florida -- he's also George Zimmerman's uncle. He said he originally heard the 911 call on TV and without any further information or prompts immediately recognized his nephew's voice.The other highlight of Friday's court proceedings was the testimony of Voluscia and Seminole County associate medical examiner Shiping Bao.In Zimmerman's trial it's a jury of millionsBao said the muzzle of Zimmerman's gun was likely in loose contact with Martin's clothing indicating that the teen was shot at close range.In testimony that at times turned contentious Bao also said Martin did not die right away after the gunshot.I believe he was alive for one to 10 minutes after he was shot. His heart was bleeding until there was no blood left, the medical examiner said as autopsy photos lingered on a courtroom screen adding that Martin was "suffering (and) in pain."There is no chance he could survive. Zero.During a contentious cross-examination defense attorney Don West expressed doubts about the condition of Martin's body and clothing when it was examined noting the victim was not moved from the scene for about three hours. Bao would not confirm that timeline -- despite West's repeated attempts to have him do so -- because he said he was not there.As the two disputed Bao's ability to establish a timeline Judge Nelson interjected telling the witness to "please stop speaking so Mr. West can ask the next question."Prepared notes that Bao was reading from also drew West's attention. When asked about them Bao said "I typed out potential answers to your potential questions."Bao objected to sharing his notes telling the judge that they were private and no one had seen them.Despite his protests Nelson allowed the papers to be copied and reviewed by lawyers from both sides.The notes revealed that Bao had changed his mind about a couple of issues: the amount of time Martin survived after being shot and whether the marijuana in the teenager's system was enough to affect him.West argued that the prosecution knew about these changes but didn't tell the defense. But Bao insisted that he did not tell anyone that he'd changed his opinion.The defense attorney pressed Bao too on the collection of Martin's clothes and scraping of his fingernails. The medical examiner though said he couldn't remember each detail and that he'd trusted that his technicians properly followed procedures.Late in Friday's court proceedings O'Mara made his pitch for acquittal -- arguing that Zimmerman acted in self-defense; there was no direct evidence of ill will hatred or spite surrounding Martin's killing; and that it was still unclear who could be heard screaming on the 911 call.There is "no other reasonable hypothesis" for what happened the defense attorney argued besides self-defense.The judge though denied the motion -- after which around 5 p.m. the prosecution formally rested its case.CNN's Mariano Castillo and HLN's Grace Wong contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Mali and Ghana are through to the semifinals of the Africa Cup of Nations after both achieved hard-fought quarterfinal victories on Sunday.Barcelona midfielder Seydou Keita scored the winning spot-kick for Mali as they defeated co-hosts Gabon 5-4 on penalties after the match finished 1-1 after 120 minutes in Libreville.Meanwhile an extra time winner from Andre Ayew proved enough for World Cup quarterfinalists Ghana to edge past Tunisia 2-1 in the second match in Franceville.Mali will now face Ivory Coast in the last four while a semifinal showdown with Zambia now awaits Ghana.Gabon looked on course to reach the last four for the first time in their history when Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang set up Eric Mouloungui for a 55th minute opener.And the scoreline remained that way until six minutes from time when Bordeaux striker Cheick Diabate turned and fired home an equalizer for Mali.With both sides scoring their first four penalties Gabon's star player Aubameyang saw his spot-kick saved by Mali keeper Soumaila Diakite leaving Keita to coolly slot home for Mali.Ghana continued their march towards a fifth Africa Cup of Nations title by seeing off a Tunisian side that ended the match with 10 men.Captain John Mensah opened the scoring for Ghana in the 10th minute when he headed home a left-wing corner.Tunisia leveled three minutes before the break when Evian striker Sabeur Khalifa bravely headed in Zouhaier Dhaouadi's teasing cross from the right.But Ghana secured the victory after 101 minutes when Tunisia goalkeeper Aymen Mathlouthi dropped a harmless-looking cross for Ayew to roll home from five yards out.And Tunisia's hopes of getting back into the game were effectively ended when Aymen Abdennour was sent off for elbowing Ayew. (CNN) -- A second person who had been taken hostage at a rural Louisiana bank this week has died a hospital official said Thursday.Laden McDaniel a woman who police said was among three Tensas State Bank employees taken hostage on Tuesday died at Rapides Regional Medical Center according to Sarah Clancy of the Alexandria Louisiana hospital.Authorities said Fuaed Abdo Ahmed shot McDaniel and Jay Warbington as police stormed the bank in St. Joseph just before midnight Tuesday.Police shot and killed Ahmed Louisiana State Police Col. Michael Edmonson said. He said the gunman had threatened to kill the hostages.Warbington died later police said Wednesday. The third hostage had been freed before the shooting began.In 2012: Gunman wounded ending French hostage incidentAhmed had with him a book on torture and a bag with items he could use to torture people state police Trooper Albert Paxton said Thursday.He also had a book on hostage negotiations Paxton said.Police said Ahmed 20 was known to police and Edmonson described him as a paranoid schizophrenic.Ahmed told hostage negotiators that he heard voices and wanted to have a device removed from his head.Born in California Ahmed moved with his family to northeastern Louisiana where his family owns a convenience store Edmonson said.The Mississippi River community of St. Joseph is about 35 miles south of Tallulah Louisiana and 35 miles north of Natchez Mississippi. It is the seat of Tensas Parish home to about 5000 people.Ahmed entered the bank branch with a handgun around 12:30 p.m. and took the three bank employees hostage according to officials.After word got out about the hostage situation local state and federal law enforcement agents descended on the usually quiet community.Law enforcement agents were able to talk to the hostages as well as the gunman.Edmonson said he talked to and prayed with relatives of the hostages.CNN's Ed Payne Dave Alsup Alina Machado Greg Botelho and Joe Sutton contributed to this report. (TIME.com) -- As the assistant chef and the senior policy adviser for healthy-food initiatives at the White House Sam Kass knows how to fill a plate to the first lady's approval.Recently we caught up with Kass at Google's annual Think Health summit where he spoke to health care leaders and innovators about his work with Michelle Obama on her Let's Move initiative to curb childhood obesity.So far Kass said the campaign has overhauled school lunches replaced the government's food pyramid with the more consumer-friendly MyPlate and encouraged pediatricians to write prescriptions for more fruits and veggies.Yet we've only scratched the surface of what's possible, he said.We asked Kass about everything from what the United States is doing right in terms of healthy eating to what he's growing in the White House garden this season.What do you think has been the greatest breakthrough for the Let's Move campaign so far?There isn't one magic bullet for what's having the greatest impact -- there are all kinds of things we are doing and will continue to do. But I think what's really important is that we have unified the country around health.You believe we will see the greatest changes to national health when young kids start making healthy eating decisions for themselves. Are we seeing this transition yet?I see this all the time. We recently had the first ever Kids' State Dinner. There was china butler service the President and first lady were there -- the whole nine yards. It was amazing.Now these kids have gone back to their schools and communities and they're heroes. Why? Because they cooked some vegetables in a creative way and they used whole grains to make healthy dishes. They've started owning this for themselves and it's what makes them great. We start seeing this everywhere and that's what gives me great hope that we are really going to turn this around.TIME.com: Can laws against junk food in schools rein in child obesity?What are some of the simplest changes American families can make to their diets?There are a lot of little things that can be done. It's the first lady's experience that little changes can have huge impact. If families just filled half their plate with fruits and vegetables at dinnertime it would have a transformative impact on their health. If we drank more water and low-fat dairy and nonsugary drinks that would also have a transformative impact. Really any of the seven MyPlate tips if we did any of those we would really have a great impact.Sometimes it feels overwhelming. It feels like these problems are just so big but in the end the solutions can be quite small approachable and doable. I think it's important to remember that. We need to break through and make sure parents have that kind of information they need and we can deliver it to them in ways that are useful.You trained under chef Christian Domschitz in Vienna. What can we learn from the way people eat abroad?I think there's a tremendous amount that we can all learn from the world. People are learning from us. American chefs are some of the greatest chefs in the world now. But of course we always have more to learn. I think what I've seen (abroad) is a love and care for food and the quality of ingredients. There's care taken in making sure people have time to prepare them properly with good portion sizes.TIME.com: Disney's diet: No more junk-food ads on kids channelsWhat are you growing in the White House garden right now?We are just ending summer and moving into fall so we are just picking our last watermelons. Our tomatoes are still doing great. We have a lot of peppers our zucchinis and yellow squash are just finishing up. We have a bunch of beans right now. And of course pumpkins. We have the best pumpkin harvest of our time here by quite a lot. We will have a fun Halloween.What are some of the favorite meals in the White House?That's top-secret information. We balance. The first lady practices what she preaches which is moderation. When we put out the MyPlate guide she came in and said "We're cooking the MyPlate." That's what we're doing.What she's always said to her kids and throughout the Let's Move campaign is that if we're eating balanced all the time then when we go to a party and have pizza or cake it's no problem. We all love fries and burgers and all that stuff. But we just can't have it day in and day out. That's when we run into trouble.What did you have this morning for breakfast?Today the Google team provided a healthy breakfast. In line with MyPlate I had granola with low-fat yogurt and fruit. I'm also a big oatmeal guy. Oatmeal and bananas are pretty standard for me.TIME.com: The sad state of American kids' food environmentsThis article was initially published on TIME.com.Q&A with the White House chef on healthy eating&copy 2012 TIME Inc. TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc.  Used with permission. ISLAMABAD Pakistan (CNN) -- Rawalpindi's police chief stopped doctors at the hospital where Benazir Bhutto died from conducting an autopsy according to a lawyer on the hospital's board.In a video released Sunday Benazir Bhutto far right appears through the sunroof before shots ring out.It was a violation of Pakistani criminal law and prevented a medical conclusion about what killed the former prime minister said Athar Minallah who serves on the board that manages Rawalpindi General Hospital.However the police chief involved Aziz Saud told CNN that he suggested an autopsy be done but that Bhutto's husband objected.The revelation came on Monday after new videotape of Bhutto's assassination emerged showing her slumping just after gunshots rang out.The tape provided the clearest view yet of the attack and appeared to show that Bhutto was shot. That would contradict the Pakistan government's account. Read Bhutto's full medical reportA previously released videotape showed a man at the right of her vehicle raising a gun pointing it toward Bhutto who was standing in her car with her upper body through the sunroof. He fired three shots then there was an explosion.In the video that emerged on Sunday Bhutto was standing and her hair and scarf appeared to move perhaps from the bullet. Bhutto fell into the car then came the blast.  Watch new tape showing apparent gunman »These images seem to support the theory that Bhutto died at the hands of a shooter before a bomb was detonated killing another 23 people.Doctors at Rawalpindi General Hospital declared the 54-year-old dead hours after Thursday's attack but the cause of her death has been widely debated.Pakistan's Interior Ministry announced on Friday that Bhutto died from a skull fracture suffered when she fell or ducked into the car as a result of the shots or the explosion and crashed her head onto a sunroof latch.  See the likely sequence of events »Bhutto's family and political party maintain that the government is lying and insist she died from gunshot wounds.Bhutto's husband in an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Monday called for an international investigation into his wife's death saying the new video proves the Pakistani government "has been trying to muddy the water from the first day."Everything is now very clear that she was shot, Asif Ali Zardari said.Zardari also called on the U.S. government to push for an international probe.I want them to help me find out who killed my wife, the mother of my children, he said of the Bush administration.Javed Iqbal Cheema spokesman for Pakistan's Interior Ministry said the government's conclusion on Bhutto's death was based on "absolute facts nothing but the facts" and "it was corroborated by the doctor's report."But Minallah issued an open letter on Monday and released the doctors' clinical notes to distance them from the government statement and he also talked to CNN.In the letter Minallah said the doctors "suggested to the officials to perform an autopsy but that Saud did not agree." He noted that under the law police investigators have "exclusive responsibility" in deciding to have an autopsy.Minallah told CNN that he was speaking out because the doctors at the hospital were "threatened."They are government servants who cannot speak; I am not, he said. He did not elaborate on the threats against the doctors.He said the lack of an autopsy has created "a perception that there is some kind of cover-up though I might not believe in that theory."There is a state within the state, and that state within the state does not want itself to be held accountable, Minallah said.Cheema said the government had no objection to Bhutto's body being exhumed for an autopsy if the family requested it.Her widower has said the family was against exhumation because it did not trust the government.Minallah said the family could not have prevented an autopsy at the hospital without getting an order from a judge.The three-page medical report which was signed by seven doctors described Bhutto's head wound but it did not conclude what caused it. It noted that X-ray images were made after she was declared dead.The wound was described as an irregular oval of about 5 centimeters by 3 centimeters above her right ear.Sharp bones edges were felt in the wound, it read. "No foreign body was felt in the wound." E-mail to a friendCNN's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report Seoul South Korea (CNN)It started with a first-class aviation executive throwing a fit on a flight over her nuts.It ended Thursday with that former executive sentenced to jail for one year.Heather Cho was working for Korean Air on December 5 when as a first-class passenger on an international flight an attendant served her macadamia nuts in a bag. Cho wanted them on a plate and demanded that the plane go back to the gate at New York's JFK airport so a crew member could be kicked off the flight.A South Korean judge said that her actions threatened the development of the aviation industry and inconvenienced passengers and ruled that she violated aviation law changed a flight path and interfered with operations.Cho had the chief steward removed from the flight after the plane had left the gate.The flight arrived 11 minutes behind schedule.A year in jail may seem just as extreme as freaking out over nuts. But the flight attendant testified that she was pressured by another Korean Air manager to keep quiet about Cho's behavior. Prosecutors said during her trial that there was a systematic attempt to cover up the incident.The judge blasted Cho for her conduct saying that she had used the plane as if it were her personal car and that as a passenger she could not override crew members and give orders during a flight.The case dubbed "nut rage gripped South Korea, especially because Cho is the Korean Air chairman's daughter.

There is growing resentment over the perceived privileges and nepotism for the families that control the country's top companies.

Cho resigned as vice president at the company a few days after the incident and publicly apologized, saying she accepted full responsibility."On Thursday she appeared in court wearing a green prison uniform. She gazed downward. Her hair hung in her face.I don't know how to find forgiveness, she said.Park Chang-jin the chief steward who was booted from the flight has said the former executive treated crew members like "feudal slaves."Details of Cho's behavior on the flight have emerged. Park and Kim Do Hee the flight attendant who served the nuts had knelt in front of Cho in apology. Kim testified that Cho berated them about the service and later shoved and cursed her.When the flight arrived in Korea the flight attendant said another airline manager Yeo Woon-jin pressured her not to talk to investigators about Cho's physically abusing her and Park.Yeo was found guilty of interfering with an investigation.Following public fury over the December incident Korean Air chairman Cho Yang-ho apologized to the flight attendants and the public.Asked in court in January if he knew that his daughter mistreated employees he said "I just heard that she's strict with her workers."CNN's KJ Kwon contributed to this report. (CNN Student News) -- Students will make educated predictions about how many electoral votes each presidential candidate will capture in the 2008 U.S. presidential election.ProcedureHave students review the origin purpose and function of the Electoral College. Ask students: What is the "winner take all" system? Are there any states that do not follow this system? If so how do they determine their electoral vote allocation? How many electoral votes are needed to win the presidency?Next divide students into small groups and assign each group a current swing state in the 2008 presidential race. Consult the CNN Electoral Map Calculator for a list of swing states. Then refer groups to online resources including CNN's Election Center 2008 on the CNN Politics site to identify the following for their assigned swing state:After students complete their research have each group analyze its data to determine which candidate it thinks will likely capture the swing state's electoral votes. Have each group present its prediction and the rationale behind it.Following the presentations direct students to the CNN Electoral Map Calculator to log their predictions for all the U.S. states and calculate how many electoral votes they predict each presidential candidate will capture. Instruct students to create a chart and log their predictions for each U.S. state. After the election compare students' predictions to the actual electoral vote outcome. Wrap up the activity by discussing the role of the Electoral College in determining the outcome of a U.S. presidential election.Correlated StandardsCivics9-12 Content StandardsII. What are the Foundations of the American Political System?A. What is the American idea of constitutional government?B. What are the distinctive characteristics of American society?C. What is American political culture?D. What values and principles are basic to American constitutional democracy?III. How Does the Government Established by the Constitution Embody the Purposes Values and Principles of American Democracy?A. How are power and responsibility distributed shared and limited in the government established by the United States Constitution?B. How is the national government organized and what does it do?V. What are the Roles of the Citizen in American Democracy?A. What is citizenship?B. What are the rights of citizens?C. What are the responsibilities of citizens?D. What civic dispositions or traits of private and public character are important to the preservation and improvement of American constitutional democracy?E. How can citizens take part in civic life?The National Standards for Civics and Government (http://www.civiced.org/index.php?page=stds) are published by the Center for Civic Education (http://www.civiced.org/).Social StudiesStandard X. Civic Ideals and PracticesSocial studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of the ideals principles and practices of citizenship in a democratic republic.The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies (http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/strands/) are published by the National Council for Social Studies (http://www.socialstudies.org/).KeywordsU.S. presidential election candidates popular vote Electoral College campaigning (CNN)On what would have been the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s 86th birthday the Academy Awards decided to snub a beautiful film made about a seminal moment in his life.Selma did pick up two nominations including one for best picture. But when the Hollywood gods consider a film to be truly great its actors and/or actresses screenplay and particularly its director are also recognized. "Selma" is a good film that told a great story at least according to Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences voters. Those voters are 93% white 76% male and the average age is 63 according to a 2012 analysis by the Los Angeles Times.But did those demographics play a role in how "Selma" was received? True the historical drama has been besieged by criticism over accuracy particularly its portrayal of President Lyndon Johnson. In the film King and Johnson are depicted as a lot more adversarial than the actual tapes of their conversation suggests.But it's hard to see that being the reason for its snub: "Gravity" was nominated for 10 Oscars won seven and yet you won't find an astronaut who would describe the film as accurate. And "Dallas Buyer's Club" was also a 2014 Oscar darling that sprinkled creative liberties all over a true story.Race could be invoked as a factor when you remember the email exchange between two top-level Sony executives that became public courtesy of  "The Interview" hack. In it they joked about the kind of movie President Obama prefers and then began listing only those starring black people. But the two were also unkind to Jeffrey Katzenberg in that same exchange. There were backstabbing remarks revealed in emails about Angelina Jolie and Adam Sandler as well.My point is -- and I'm sure I'm at risk of losing my black card for writing this -- when those same old white men made "12 Years A Slave" a favorite of the Oscars just a year ago it is hard to say the snubbing of "Selma" is all about the demographics of the voters. Some sure. But all?Remember these people live in a land of make believe where it's normal for the inhabitants to be injected with silicone. Oscar snubbings could come from a thousand superficial reasons like someone sleeping with or not sleeping with the right person at the right time. In a town full of gay men the heart wrenching "Brokeback Mountain" somehow lost out to the woefully mediocre "Crash." Leonardo DiCaprio's trophy case continues to sit empty. And I will never understand how "Shakespeare in Love" beat "Saving Private Ryan" for best picture. Truth be told. my favorite film of 2014 was "The Drop" and I don't think that was nominated for anything by anyone.It would have been wonderful to see "Selma" director Ava DuVernay become the first black female director nominated for an Oscar. She is incredibly talented and it is always nice to be recognized by peers. But I do not need her to win an Oscar to tell me how I should feel about "Selma."I do not need the Academy to tell me how I should spend my money at the movies. I do not need old white men to validate a story so deeply personal and relevant to me today. That's not to suggest Hollywood's racism should not be called out. Only that the true story of Selma is much more than calling out racism.To paraphrase the acceptance speech Common gave at the Golden Globes on Sunday "Selma" the movie and Selma the historic marches are about the awakening of our humanity. The old guard at the Oscars has the power to snub "Selma" for whatever reason it sees fit. But as a summer full of marches for the fight for equality reminded us Hollywood has neither the power to snub nor the authority to validate Selma. (CNN) -- In brief remarks to the media just after returning to her hometown of Seattle an emotional Amanda Knox thanked those who believed in her and supported her fight to overturn her murder conviction in Italy.I'm really overwhelmed right now, said a tearful Knox who arrived to cheering supporters at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. "I was looking down from the airplane and it seemed like everything wasn't real."What's important for me to say is just thank you, to everyone who has believed in me, who has defended me, who has supported my family, she said her voice shaking. Being with her family she said is "the most important thing to me right now."Thank you for being there for me, she said.Knox and her family were on a British Airways flight that landed in Seattle about 8:12 p.m. ET.Before beginning her remarks Knox smiled and said "They're reminding me to speak in English because I'm having problems with that."An Italian appeals court on Monday overturned Knox's murder conviction in the 2007 death of her roommate British student Meredith Kercher. Knox initially was sentenced to 26 years in prison.Knox's mother and stepfather Edda and Curt Mellas also thanked those who have supported their family as well as the Italian attorneys who fought on her behalf.Meredith was Amanda's friend, said Philadelphia attorney Theodore Simon who spoke at the news conference. Knox wants the Kercher family to be remembered Simon said as Knox nodded and appeared to fight tears.Knox supporters in Seattle said they planned a rousing welcome.To Amanda herself, we say, 'Way to go, kid,'  Tom Wright founder of the group Friends of Amanda Knox said Monday night.We look forward to welcoming you home with open arms and open hearts, Wright said reading a statement. "You have well deserved and will well deserve all the joy and warmth and fun of your normal life returned to you."The statement also said that it was "primarily a sad occasion and that the group's deepest sympathies" were with Kercher's family.CNN affiliate KOMO-TV reported that Wright was among a group of more than a dozen supporters who gathered at a hotel suite to watch the jury return its decision about Knox more than 5000 miles away.Afterward Margaret Ralph was among those crying tears of joy. Asked what she'll say when she sees Knox Ralph told KOMO "I won't say anything. I'll just give her a big hug and kiss."It was incredible, fellow supporter Kellanne Henry told KOMO adding that it took a minute to absorb the news. "They finally got it right she said.

Many Seattle residents took to social media to post messages.

I am so happy this nightmare is over for you Seattle resident Jenn Whitney wrote in a posting on one of several Facebook pages devoted to Knox. Whitney said she cried with joy" when Knox's conviction was overturned. "I pray that God brings you home safely she added.

If I had the chance to greet her when she lands back here in Seattle the only thing I would do is hand her a rose give her a hug and say 'welcome home!' " Jeff Bamby posted.On another Facebook page Tamara Slater wrote "Amanda you have been in the prayers of so many people it must be heart warming to know you were never forgotten. Welcome home!"CNN affiliate KIRO-TV reported that when staff went out to gauge reactions to the news out of Italy on Monday "We met just a few people in West Seattle who disagreed with Monday's ruling and thought that Knox was guilty."Jordan Adams said he thought Knox was guilty but he was willing to accept the decision to overturn the conviction. "I did think she was guilty but I guess good luck to her since she's been freed and cleared he told KIRO.

Early Tuesday morning, a jogger who spotted a CNN crew in Seattle's Queen Anne Hill neighborhood stopped and yelled, Yay Amanda! Welcome home!"But later another resident walked up to a CNN crew to say that she could not "care less about Knox returning home" and that she believed Knox committed the crime.CNN's Josh Levs and Sandra Endo contributed to this report. (CNN) -- On August 24 a jury of nine in a California federal court handed down a ruling that sent shockwaves through the global wireless phone industry. Samsung the world's largest phone maker was found guilty of infringing on key Apple hardware design and software elements. Samsung got Apple's attention because of its size but every Android device manufacturer now needs to consider potential exposure areas that could put them in the crosshairs as Apple tries to slow Android growth.The appeals game will surely play out over the next many months. In the meantime consumers will feel the pain as devices potentially get more expensive and software changes begin to creep into their Android smartphones. If appeals rulings uphold the initial verdict the mobile ecosystem as we know it will look very different in one to two years. This would be driven by fundamental changes in the look and feel of non-Apple phone hardware changes to the Android mobile operating system and potentially the emergence of a third popular mobile operating system.Smartphone market changes comingAndroid phones account for 56% of the U.S. smartphone market. Friday's ruling was very sobering for the Android device manufacturers that have driven this growth. Until recently smartphone design patent ownership seemed like a gray area. The court has now made it clear that in fact it is very black and white. All phone manufacturers will need to be a lot more careful from here on out when it comes to design and patents they want to avoid license or partner on. This could result in phones being more expensive for consumers.Over the next year consumers lose in this equation. Android phone makers will be scrambling to develop temporary workarounds to steer clear of any potentially infringing Apple patents. The time spent working on these fixes will reduce time spent on development of new innovative features. In the case of Samsung it is likely the only device manufacturer with the resources and scale to develop and implement fixes rapidly mitigating the immediate impact on consumers. If there are other phone makers in Apple's sights they will be taking advantage of a much-needed head start to begin developing workarounds now to avoid a lawsuit.Sure Android consumers could always turn to Apple but some are turned off by the company's one phone per year release schedule and continued hesitancy to incorporate the latest mobile advances such as 4G and larger screens. Consumers who want to stay in the open and highly-customizable Android ecosystem could experience some temporary frustration.Creating the next iconic deviceThis ruling could prove to be the catalyst for major industry change. Smartphone product roadmaps are all but decided for the next year. Beyond that every device manufacturer will be thinking outside of the "rectangular slab form-factor" box in an attempt to create the next big consumer trend. This will be easier said than done given that consumers have become accustomed to the current crop of devices. Device manufacturers know that consumers can't tell them what they want they can only tell them what they don't want. This will result in phone makers traveling into unchartered territory in the hopes of capturing consumer attention and emotion.Choice will likely also come in the way of new mobile operating system platforms. It is no coincidence that Microsoft and Nokia's stock opened higher the day after the ruling. Apple stated during the trial that these companies have proven that it is possible to innovate in the smartphone market without copying Apple. Of course Apple does have patent and design agreements with Microsoft and both companies have a mutual interest in slowing Android growth. As wireless carriers and device manufacturers seek to diversify their product lineup in the wake of the ruling Microsoft might finally have its day in mobile. It is very likely that we'll eventually see a three horse mobile operating system race among Apple Android and Microsoft.Short term is not pretty but long term looks goodThe short-term might not be pretty but long-term the industry is poised to break free from the homogenous rounded rectangular slabs with grid-based apps we're all familiar with today. This ruling will encourage accelerated innovation from device manufacturers which will move beyond the constraints of a single form factor. Ultimately the consumer will choose what designs will win and which implementation of hardware and software integration is most elegant. Today's constraints will define how the industry will innovate tomorrow. It might be a tough road but there are promising days ahead.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jefferson Wang. Washington (CNN) -- Macy Friday can't remember what she was thinking when -- mouth agape eyes bugged -- she shook hands with Hillary Clinton in Denver this week. It all happened so fast she says.What she does remember is the national response to the photo of her reacting with pure unadulterated excitement to meeting the former secretary of state.Media outlets pounced on the story. The Washington Post captured the reaction perfectly writing that Macy had a "look on her face that has never been witnessed by anyone who is not a dad chaperoning a minivan full of teenagers at a One Direction concert."But why was Macy so excited? What does she like about Hillary Clinton? And who else would she react that way to meeting?CNN spoke with Macy Friday over the phone Thursday. Here is our conversation:CNN: How did you get to meet Hillary Clinton?Macy: I went to Union Station unsuspecting that she would come. I had seen her in the elections and I have heard a lot about her. I was just like 'Wow.' I was excited because I thought she was saying hi to a lot of people. I didn't think she was going to say hi to me. They went into a coffee shop and we were like 'Oh no they are going to leave.' And then she came out and she is like 'Hey you.' And I didn't know who she is talking to. And then I realized it was me and I went up and I turned back at my family. (long pause) I had never met anybody famous before. (long pause) I turned back at my family and I like I you know made the face.CNN: What did you think about all the attention your photo received?Macy: Well I love it. Because well it is not just because... I think Hillary Clinton is a a really good role model for girls of all ages and it [the reason she liked the attention] isn't just because it got a lot of cool places. I am just happy because people know that a younger girl still looks up to somebody like that.CNN: What is it about Secretary Clinton that you look up to?Macy: I like her because like she is running for president and a lot of people think that girls shouldn't be president because they are not as smart or they shouldn't have the same rights. And she is just a good role model for girls because you know she is just sort of like to everybody 'Girls can be awesome too.'[Editor's note: Clinton herself has said she has yet to make a decision on whether she will run for president.]CNN: You are 10. When you were born Hillary Clinton had been well known for 20 years. How much did you know about her when you met earlier this week?Macy: I didn't know too too too much. I knew that she was the first lady for a while. And her husband is Bill Clinton. And her daughter Chelsea just had a baby. And her niece's name is Macy. And that is my name. And when I first went up to her I said 'Macy' and she said that is one of her favorite names.CNN: Who are some other famous people you would be as excited to see as you were with Secretary Clinton?Macy: Oh gosh well Selena Gomez Katy Perry probably Michelle Obama and Barack Obama. Hmmm... Taylor Swift. Did I already say Taylor Swift? Probably One Direction.CNN: A local anchor in your hometown joked that you would be the first women president. Would you ever want to do that?Macy: Maybe! It is a really hard job. I think I think maybe.[Editor's note: Macy will be eligible to run for president in 2040.]CNN: Do you think you could do it?Macy: Yeah!CNN: If Hillary Clinton runs for president what would your advice be to her?Macy: I would say that even if you are different or you are a different gender it doesn't matter what you look like. I don't know like if you wear glasses. Everybody can be awesome.CNN: If you could vote in 2016 would you vote for Secretary Clinton?Macy: Yes totally.CNN: Thanks Macy...Macy: Thank you. And one more thing: Make sure if Finn [her 12-year old brother] does give you the permission to use the photo give him photo cred!---(CNN did use the selfie that Finn took of his family and Clinton. And yes he did get the photo cred. Also some question and answers were edited for clarity.) (CNN) -- Michelin Travel Publications rolled out the results for New York City's 2015 Michelin Guide today and 73 area restaurants earned one or more of the guide's highest honor - the Michelin star.The Michelin Guide or Le Guide Michelin originated in France in 1900 and has since offered its notes recommendations and ratings on restaurants and hotels in select cities around the globe. It published its first New York City edition in 2005.World's 50 best restaurants for 2014The guide's recommendations are put together by a team of "famously anonymous" inspectors who all must undergo strict training and sign confidentiality agreements before they can file reports on their assigned establishments.The ratings for the guide are as follows:Three stars -- "Exceptional cuisine worth a special journey. One always eats here extremely well sometimes superbly. Distinctive dishes are precisely executed using superlative ingredients."Two stars -- "Excellent cuisine worth a detour. Skillfully and carefully crafted dishes of outstanding quality."One star -- "A very good restaurant in its category. A place offering cuisine prepared to a consistently high standard."Best restaurants in America are...Here is the full list (alphabetically in each category):Three Michelin stars:Chef's Table at Brooklyn FareEleven Madison ParkJean-GeorgesLe BernardinMasaPer SeTwo Michelin stars:AquavitAteraBlancaDanielIchimuraJungsikMareaMomofuku KoSotoOne Michelin star:Ai FioriAldeaAndanadaAureoleBabboBatardBetonyBlue HillBouleyThe BreslinBrushstrokeCafe BouludCafe ChinaCarboneCasa EnriqueCasa MonoCaviar RusseDanny Brown Wine Bar & KitchenDelaware and HudsonDel PostoDovetail15 EastGotham Bar and GrillGramercy TavernHakkasanJewel BakoJuniJunoonKajitsuKyo YaLa VaraLincolnLuksus at TorstMeadowsweetMinetta TavernThe ModernThe Musket RoomM. Wells SteakhouseNoMadPeter LugerPicholinePioraPok Pok NYPublicThe River CafeRosanjinSeasonalSpotted PigSushi AzabuSushi of GariTake RootTelepanTori ShinTorrisi Italian SpecialtiesTulsiWallseZabb EleeZZ's Clam Bar (CNN) -- FACETIME: Ghassan Hasbani CEO International Operations Saudi TelecomWith 160 million customers worldwide Saudi Telecom is a key player of the global telecommunication industry. With representation in 11 countries including Lebanon Turkey India and South Africa the company is looking to boost that growth even further. MME sat down with CEO for International Operations Ghassan Hasbani on STC's growing portfolio.IN FOCUS: Diversifying away from Iranian OilIncreasing sanctions on Iran and growing doubts over the future supply of oil has led to many energy importers to look for alternative sources of energy. MME looks at the measures some of Iran's biggest customers are taking in response to increasing pressure to cut imports from Tehran.Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times (all GMT):Thursdays: 1645Fridays: 0945Saturdays: 0715Sundays: 06151645 (CNN) -- Peace. Love. And Snarknado 2.What does it say when Americans unite not once but twice in a lifetime for a TV show? And not just a TV show but one where a twister filled with man-eating sharks menaces a major metropolitan area.We couldn't afford a psychologist so we'll just have to look at social media.Last summer "Sharknado" churned up a storm of laughs 5.3 million viewers and enough clever tweets to choke a ... shark.It was the same story Wednesday night for the debut of "Sharknado 2: The Second One" on Syfy.The Twitterverse exploded.#Sharknado2TheSecondOne was the top-trending hashtag on Twitter well into the overnight hours and social search website Topsy recorded more than 215000 tweets with #sharknado2 over the past day.But what inspires such passion such creativity?Is it the rubber sharks flying through Midtown Manhattan the implausible storyline the Al Roker cameo?Yes. Yes. And yes.With this amount of chum in the water there was bound to be a feeding frenzy right? And there's more to come.Syfy has already signed on for a third "Sharknado" movie. Screenwriter Thunder Levin predicts now that New York has gone down there might be a "global Sharkapocalypse."Heaven forbid.Sequel suggestions are already making the rounds.With all this creativity floating around some were offering Syfy suggestions for new shows at #NewSyFyOriginals.This one has promise.And you know you've got a good thing going when the National Weather Service and the Weather Channel are joining in on the fun..Syfy announces 'Sharknado Week' around 'Sharknado 2' premiereCNN's Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report. WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Isaac Lidsky arrives in front of the U.S. Supreme Court stops suddenly and upon hearing a voice extends his hand in greeting almost instinctively.Isaac Lidsky graduated from Harvard University at 19. Retinitis pigmentosa has seriously impaired his vision.Seemingly simple gestures such as a hello don't always come easily for a man who is legally blind.But this hasn't deterred the ex-Justice Department prosecutor from pursuing a promising legal career one that will take him inside the nation's highest court in a few weeks.The Florida native will join 36 of the nation's top young attorneys as law clerks to Supreme Court justices for the 2008-'09 term. He will be the first legally blind law clerk in the court's history.Lidsky 28 will work with the retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and will be assured of long days writing and researching cases.I certainly am nervous to the extent I am eager to be helpful to the justice and productive, he said. "I just want to do good work."  Watch as the lawyer will break new ground at the court »Lidsky a one-time actor may be vaguely familiar to adults of a certain age. He played the lovable geek Barton "Weasel" Wyzell on the NBC series "Saved by the Bell: The New Class" in the 1990s.There's a little bit of a cringe factor because my character was not necessarily the coolest kid in school, but certainly, [there's] fond memories, he recalled. "It was an incredible experience for a kid to have."Around that time the 13-year-old was diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa a degenerative eye disease that already had struck two of his older sisters. The symptoms were slow to develop so Lidsky came to terms early with the idea of losing his vision. Now his sight is seriously impaired.Lidsky said his parents Betti and Carlos Lidsky did not allow self-pity and encouraged him to help others like himself.Right away my parents really led the charge on saying, 'How can we take this challenge and turn it into something positive?'  he said. "So for 15 years we have been doing just that."Acting was never going to be a career for Lidsky. It was the law that always attracted him. As a child he went to court with his father a prominent Miami lawyer. Becoming a Supreme Court law clerk he said was a lifelong dream.After graduating at 19 from Harvard University he earned a degree from its law school with a brief stop in between as an Internet business entrepreneur.In 2004 he began a clerkship with Judge Thomas Ambro of the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals based in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.Ambro became a mentor to the bright young lawyer and witnessed a sudden decline in his vision.You could tell things were getting worse, Ambro said. By the end of the one-year assignment "he now needed a cane and was using a guide dog. Once he had no idea I was in the same room with him until I spoke."But that did not dull Lidsky's drive to succeed.He had a real good sense of what he was facing, Ambro said. "He's determined to make it in the same way as other people who succeed. For him it was simply a matter of getting the tools to do it."Those tools include optical character recognition software which scans printed words electronically and reads them back to him and a Blackberry-type communication device that sends and receives e-mail audibly.Friends said he was a little reluctant over the years to embrace much of the technology as he sought to preserve his independence as long as possible.After his clerkship came a stint in the Justice Department's Civil Division where he argued about a dozen cases in federal courts. He said his acting skills came in handy when pleading before often skeptical judges.With the recommendations of Ambro and others Lidsky applied four times to be a Supreme Court law clerk but was rejected. A meeting with longtime federal Judge David Tatel who also is blind convinced Lidsky he should not give up his dream.Then came the call from O'Connor.Sitting in her chambers, here I was worrying about having to recall the minutiae of legal doctrine for the personal interview he recalled. "But we fell into talking about our families and philosophies and she made me feel very warm and welcome."O'Connor was not available for an interview but former clerks said they remember her as a nurturing type who nevertheless demands much from them.I have no doubt Justice O'Connor will keep me very busy, Lidsky said.In addition Lidsky likely will be assigned to an active justice to sort through the 9000-some appeals that reach the high court every year. In that capacity he would recommend which cases should be accepted for review and help write early drafts of opinions.O'Connor also will continue her practice of sitting in on several appeals court cases a year so Lidsky will assist her on those along with the 78-year-old's busy schedule of teaching speeches and public advocacy.Lidsky will have to scale back involvement in his foundation Hope for Vision which he created with his wife Dorothy and some friends to raise awareness of blinding diseases. His group is launching a campaign this week to find a cure for blindness by 2020.We have communities of Hope across the country that do events to raise awareness and funding for research, he said. "It's purely volunteer-driven very grass-roots. Over 98 percent of the money we raise goes directly to scientific grants."As for the future Lidsky plans to go to London England after his clerkship ends so his wife can finish her master's degree. He would be set to rejoin his law firm where he has taken a leave of absence but has no specific career goals.In 10 or 15 years, I would bet he will be a man still on your radar screen, Ambro predicts.Lidsky appears more modest.I'm not out there to set any kinds of records or prove anything to anybody, he said. "As odd as it may sound losing my vision has in a lot of ways been a very rewarding experience for me."CNN's Kelli Arena contributed to this report. (CNN) -- HTC's new flagship smartphone the One is an impressive bit of hardware and a big step forward for the company in three significant ways.The One is a top-notch beautifully designed handset packed with the best specs and a ton of compelling features. It also runs a unique fresh take on Google's Android operating system. And it's available in exactly the same configuration across the three major U.S. carriers. This is the phone that could close the gap between HTC's flagship and those from Apple and Samsung.We spent a couple of hours with the One before its big unveiling in New York today and were thoroughly impressed by the luxurious materials used on the handset the expert build quality holding it all together and a slew of thoughtfully crafted software features. Although the phone carries the branding established last year with the One X One S and other HTC phones the One amounts to a reboot of the company's vision for Android. The One X HTC's previous flagship won critical praise but as an AT&T exclusive it failed to generate the sales the company had hoped for.We think about the One X and we think 'Wow, it was big, and it was one of the best phones we've ever done,' Scott Croyle HTC's vice president of design said. "But if I were to compare it to say other stuff that was out there I wouldn't say it was a step-change different."The company set out to build a phone that could surpass not just meet the performance and quality of the Apple iPhone 5 and Samsung Galaxy SIII. So it put a huge effort into nailing the Sense user interface packing the phone with the best tech and broadening its reach across carriers. Sense 4 the previous generation of HTC's Android customization has been thrown out. Every aspect of Sense has been rethought and redesigned. The result is a slick clean user interface full of artful icons that match the flat understated look Google has been trying to push with its own stock version of Android. And there's a focus in the new Sense on making things that users commonly do easier and more intuitive — such as sifting through social media and news apps or snapping photos and video.I think we came to this recognition that, 'Wow, there are these two other companies that are going to spend a lot more money than HTC,' Croyle said. "This is the reality of the business. They have much deeper pockets and they can carpet bomb the industry and they have a tremendous amount of inertia there particularly with Apple in the U.S. So for the One we really had to get it right we really had to just go for it."While it's easy to see the chamfered edges found on the One and think of the iPhone 5 the One is far from a copycat product. It has a massive — and gorgeous — 4.7-inch 1080p display with a pixel density of 468 pixels per inch. As with nearly every flagship phone out there nowadays pixels are indiscernible on the One's generous display. Colors look vivid and crisp as well.The touchscreen dominates the front of the One with aluminum capping each end. Rows of pinholes are machined into each strip of aluminum serving as pathways for sound coming from a set of dual front-facing speakers. Every phone speaker we've ever heard has sounded like hell. While the One won't replace your Jambox anytime soon its onboard speakers sound immensely better than anything we've heard from a phone. Inside the One features a 1.7GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU 2GB of RAM and NFC chip Bluetooth 4.0 and connectivity to both HSPA and LTE networks.Everything is packed into a sleek aluminum unibody — shipping in either silver or black — that features a subtly curved back with inlaid antennas. The One weighs 5.04 ounces and is just 0.36 inches thick.The One will also sports a beefed up camera with a ton of photo and video features — which are so plentiful we've written a separate story focusing on the One's camera.Along with all new hardware HTC is using the One to introduce an all new take on Android. Sense 4 HTC's last skin was among the best versions of Google's mobile OS thanks to its simplicity and gimmick-free implementation. The latest version — now just called Sense — brings users from a lock screen to a new Flipboard-like app called BlinkFeed which displays a feed of information stories photos and video from various sources of your choosing. HTC has worked in integration with a few news outlets so news stories by topic or by outlet can show up in your BlinkFeed. And the app can be connected to Twitter Facebook Flickr and other social networks as well.See a news story you're interested in reading? Just tap the tile in your feed and you're taken to a view that shows the story and its accompanying artwork in a presentation that makes reading clean and easy — again very much like Flipboard Pocket Pulse and other "read it later" services. Tap a tweet or post from Facebook you'll be launched into that corresponding social network's Android app. You can even set up BlinkFeed to pipe in your photos and videos. Everything is displayed in reverse chronological order just like your Twitter timeline Facebook feed and everything else that's sorted online.While BlinkFeed is a pre-installed app it's also the default view any One user will see once they unlock their phone. If you want to get to a traditional Android homescreen view — with apps widgets and folders of apps — just swipe in from the right on BlinkFeed and Android as you know it will appear.If you want regular Android, it's there, Croyle said. "But everybody's snacking on information whether it's from their social networks or some news source that they're just interested in. So [BlinkFeed] really is geared around that recognition of how people are actually using their phones."AT&T Sprint and T-Mobile will sell the One along with many smaller regional telecom companies. The significance of this can't be overstated. Currently only Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy S III are offered as widely. The iPhone is sold through AT&T Sprint and Verizion — and it's on it's way to T-Mobile. The S III is sold by all four of the nation's top carriers. All too often a great phone like last year's One X was confined to a limited audience due to carriers wanting exclusive rights to phones.The fact that the One is joining it's biggest rivals in a new paradigm that bucks the idea of exclusive phones is a good thing for HTC — because they get to sell their best device in more places — and consumers — because you have more choice when you go to buy your next phone.Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here!Copyright 2011 Wired.com. (CNN) -- The question of Jewish resistance to the Nazis -- or the lack of it -- has loomed large ever since the true extent of the horrors of the Holocaust became impossible to ignore.Liev Schreiber left and Daniel Craig play Jewish resistance fighters in the World War II drama "Defiance."As early as 1940 and 1942 Charlie Chaplin and Ernst Lubitsch fashioned satiric fantasies in which Adolf Hitler was comically humiliated by Jews (a barber in Chaplin's "The Great Dictator" and a hammy actor in Lubitsch's "To Be or Not to Be").More recently Steven Spielberg and Roman Polanski presented authentic stories of Jewish Holocaust survivors in "Schindler's List" and "The Pianist."In "Defiance Edward Zwick tells the true story of the Bielski brothers, Tuvia (Daniel Craig), Zus (Liev Schreiber) and Asael (Jamie Bell).

When the Germans and local collaborators started rounding up Jews in what was then Belorussia in 1941, murdering thousands -- including the Bielskis' parents -- the three men took refuge in the woods.

They evaded capture, scavenged, begged or stole the food they needed; they set up a camp and saved hundreds of fellow refugees -- and they fought back.  Watch the stars of Defiance" talk about the film »It's a remarkable story one that should have inspired a more exciting and original movie than this sluggish compendium of earnest debates and hackneyed battle scenes.The timing is unfortunate. For a story that has gone neglected for the best part of 60 years this is hardly the ideal week to be extolling heroic Jewish resistance fighters. Ari Folman's angst-laden nonfiction animated film "Waltz With Bashir is altogether more relevant.

Zwick's Hollywood liberal credentials are not in doubt, but his films have a surprisingly gung-ho undercurrent (they include such martial adventures as The Last Samurai Glory The Siege Legends of the Fall" and "Courage Under Fire").He may like a fight but he's no great shakes when it comes to staging action. Besides in a Zwick flick words always speak louder.In "Defiance" those words come with a thick guttural European inflection (Hebrew is spoken as English though characters also break into subtitled Russian and German on occasion). The speechifying is often clumsy and long-winded.Take the backwoods intellectual who doesn't know how to handle a hammer but can sure nail a philosophical one-liner: "At least Descartes recognized the subjective nature of existence he kvetches. Where's Lubitsch when you need him?

Dour and dourer as the movie goes on, Daniel Craig looks rugged in a weathered leather jacket and cloth cap, but his Bond associations aren't exactly helpful. You have to check yourself from wondering why he doesn't just take out that battalion of Nazis single-handedly.

Tuvia may be a reluctant hero, but he shoulders the burden of leadership and assumes responsibility for protecting his ever-increasing flock. Schreiber's Zus, on the other hand, joins with the Soviets to take the fight to the Germans. It takes him longer to learn who his true friends are.

The movie is full of mud and muck, yet somehow Zwick sanitizes the things that matter most. In the most challenging scene, just as Tuvia turns a blind eye as his enraged fellow Jews beat a German prisoner to death, Zwick consistently pulls back from anything that might be too unpleasant or tasteless.

His heroes remain fundamentally unsullied. Later Asael picks up Tuvia's mantle and leads his followers like a latter-day Moses, away from their enemies through an impenetrable swamp.

Defiance" is a hard slog at times. But even if it's heavy-handed and old-fashioned there's also something satisfyingly solid about it. It's always comforting to know who the good guys are even if they're stuck in a not-so-good picture.Defiance is rated R and runs 137 minutes. For Entertainment Weekly's take click here. Robert Louisiana (CNN) -- Three attempts to pump mud and 16 tries to stuff solid material into a breached Gulf of Mexico oil well failed to stop the flow top BP executives said Saturday and engineers and executives with the oil giant have decided to "move on to the next option."That option: Place a custom-built cap to fit over the "lower marine riser package BP chief operation officer Doug Suttles said. BP crews were already at work Saturday to ready the materials for that option, he said.

Suttles said three separate pumping efforts and 30,000 barrels of mud -- along with what chief executive officer Tony Hayward described as 16 different bridging material shots" -- just didn't do the trick.We have not been able to stop the flow, a somber Suttles told reporters. " ... Repeated pumping we don't believe will achieve success so we will move on to the next option."Suttles and other officials said that the "top kill" attempt to stop the flow did so -- but only as long as they were pumping. When the pumping stopped the oil resumed its escape. And Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry said that BP would resume using undersea dispersants for the new attempt to trap the oil.Suttles said the lower marine riser package cap "should be able to capture most of the oil" that has fed what is now the largest oil spill in U.S. history but he cautioned that the new cap will not provide a "tight mechanical seal."We're confident the job will work, but obviously we cannot guarantee success at this time, he said.Engineers should be ready in about four to seven days to make the fresh attempt he said. Landry said officials were "disappointed in today's announcement but noted that the immediate efforts to stop the flow were never intended to be permanent.

The real solution the end state is a relief well she said. BP currently is working on two relief wells, but they are not expected to be ready until August, Suttles said.

Earlier, Suttles said that BP engineers would try to place a second blowout preventer -- the piece of equipment that failed when the Deepwater Horizon exploded on April 20 -- should the lower marine riser package fail. The failed blowout preventer is a 48-foot-tall, 450-ton apparatus that sits atop the well 5,000 feet underwater.

Suttles and Landry praised the clean-up efforts, however, in light of the failure of the top kill" attempt to stop the flow.It's a tribute to everybody that we only have 107 miles of shoreline oiled and only 32 acres of marsh, Landry said.Meanwhile teams in Louisiana were working Saturday on a clean-up project aimed at protecting coastal marshes. Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser has said that machines would suck oil out of marshes Saturday after crews determined where to deploy them.But Nungesser told CNN that BP needed to "step up to the plate tonight to save our wetlands" by using its might to create sand barriers to prevent the oil from moving into the marshes.BP needs to say it will pay to move those dredges and pump that sand berm, he said. "We are gonna die a slow death if we don't get that berm. We've got to have that barrier island."President Barack Obama who toured the area Friday said federal officials were prepared to authorize moving forward with "a portion of" an idea proposed by local officials who want the Army Corps of Engineers to build a "sand boom" offshore to keep the water from getting into the fragile marshlands.But Nungesser said the marshes couldn't wait and that the effort needed to start immediately to save the Louisiana wetlands.Government scientists on Thursday said as many as 19000 barrels (798000 gallons) of oil were spewing into the ocean every day making this disaster perhaps twice the size of the Exxon Valdez incident.Previously BP officials and government scientists had said 5000 barrels (210000 gallons) of crude were flowing out daily.This is clearly an environmental catastrophe, Hayward said Friday. "There's no two ways about it."In an e-mail message sent out after the announcement Saturday Hayward said he was "disappointed that this operation didn't work."The team executed the operation perfectly, and the technology worked without a single hitch, he said. "We remain committed to doing everything we can to make this situation right."Obama's visit to the region came under intense political pressure to take control of the situation.We want to stop the leak, we want to contain and clean up the oil and we want to help the people in this region return to their lives and livelihoods as soon as possible, the president told reporters.About 25 percent of the Gulf of Mexico exclusive economic zone has been put off limits according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and fishermen are worried the gushing oil will take a more serious toll than Hurricane Katrina did in 2005.Katrina was nothing but rain, water and wind. This is poison. It's gas, oysterman Arthur Etienne said.CNN's Anderson Cooper contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Once thought to be a leading reformer inside the Libyan government Saif al-Islam Gadhafi has emerged as one of his father's most-visible defenders.Saif 38 has never lived a day in which his father Moammar didn't rule Libya -- as its undisputed leader inside the country and an enigmatic controversial voice for the world.And yet as the Libyan government faced a stiff popular uprising it was Moammar Gadhafi's second eldest son -- and not the Leader of the Revolution himself -- who was first to talk to the nation about the unrest and detail a plan to address it.In early March Saif made it known his feeling about outside intervention into the unrest in Libya.We're  not afraid of the America  fleet, NATO, France. You people, this  is  our country. We live here, we die here.  We will never, ever  surrender  to those terrorists. Libyan nation is so united  now. We are  so  strong, he said.That was March. This is now. And still Saif's name makes front-page news.Citing unnamed British government sources the Guardian newspaper reported Friday that a senior adviser to Saif -- Mohammed Ismael -- was in London for secret talks with British officials.Ismael told CNN earlier this week that he would be traveling to London for family reasons. Calls placed to his mobile phone were not answered Friday.But Guma El-Gamaty a leader of the Libyan opposition said Ismael's visit was anything but personal.Our sources from Tripoli tell us that Saif has sent Mohammed Ismael to London with a specific offer. The offer is that Colonel Gadhafi will go into retirement, inside Libya, perhaps in his town of Sirte or Sabha in the south and Saif will take over and oversee some sort of reforms, he told CNN's Becky Anderson.Asked about the Guardian report a British Foreign Office spokesman neither confirmed nor denied it. "We are not going to provide running commentary on our contacts with Libyan officials the spokesman said. In any contact that we do have we make it clear that Gadhafi has to go."Meanwhile sources close to Gadhafi have told CNN that any transition in Libya would involve his son Saif who has long been seen as a possible successor to his father.Saif has denied any such desire but others were interested in the idea for some time because he was considered more modern in his thinking even reform minded by many Libya watchers. But that was before his recent and very public vows to fight to the "last bullet."Among his relatives Saif was seen in some ways as the polar opposite of his father.Whereas Moammar Gadhafi years ago launched a program to "destroy imported ideologies whether they are Eastern or Western his son speaks fluent English, earned his PhD from the London School of Economics, written an op-ed

in the New York Times and has been a frequent go-between in talks with international officials.

Moammar rarely goes anywhere without a distinctive tribal dress and an ornate Bedouin tent. The well-traveled Saif, meanwhile, is more likely to appear in Western business attire: a suit and tie.

While the father runs a nation, his son's main job -- at least before his 2009 appointment as General Coordinator, a position like many in the nation's government with few guidelines -- was heading a charity, the Gadhafi Foundation.

And lastly, while the elder Gadhafi is known for his heavy-handed rule in Libya and its restrictions on civil rights and more, Saif Gadhafi fashioned himself as a human rights advocate and pushed for democratic and institutional reforms that could give more power and freedoms to the people.

David Held, a professor at London School of Economics and Saif Gadhafi's academic advisor, said Gadhafi knew he had a dilemma.

He  was torn said Held. There was a dilemma in his heart between loyalty  to his father and the regime and on the other hand desperately realizng  that the Gadhafi regime was untenable unjustified and the reform  utterly crucial."Still his status as a leading reformer and pull with foreign diplomats have dropped significantly since the start of the uprising.And for all their differences Saif's standing in the world is largely defined by his father's role. While some may see the son as more open to change there's little question that his loyalty remains first with Moammar.He's the heir apparent, CNN National Security Contributor Fran Townsend said about Saif. "The question will be will he be able to retain control in light of the current chaos?"CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report. (AOL Autos)  -- At the 2009 Detroit Auto Show Chrysler Mercedes-Benz Toyota and MINI showed the world what electric vehicles of the future will look like. And the future of driving looks fun.The Dodge Circuit EV can blast from 0-to-60 mph in around 4 seconds.Those in the know realize that sometime in the future the vast majority of light cars and trucks in the US will feature electric final drive systems.The motors used in these systems will be powered by batteries fuel cells on-board generators and perhaps even the sun. But this open issue doesn't change the inevitability of this reality.Given our current economic times reality demands practical tangible and achievable ideas of what electric vehicles (or "EVs" for short) might actually look like. This is it ...ChryslerThree of the four electric vehicles Chrysler showed in Detroit Michigan were shown at other events and even to Washington bureaucrats. Each of these vehicles is a running prototype not some pie-in-the-sky-we'll-never-build that idea.ENVI is the special group of engineers at Chrysler that develops the company's EVs. To date the ENVI group has developed four electrically powered models each quite different from the other: a Dodge Circuit EV sports car (rear-wheel drive) a Chrysler Town & Country minivan (front-wheel-drive) a Jeep Wrangler Unlimited (all-wheel-drive) and now a Jeep Patriot (front-wheel-drive).Chrysler promises to offer at least one of these models in 2010 and three more by 2013. AOL Autos: Dodge Circuit EV photosChrysler approaches electric vehicles with simple plug-and-play engineering. Every one of their vehicles uses similar electric drive motors (only varying in power output) advanced lithium-ion batteries and a power management controller. Each plugs in to 110- or 220-volt household outlets for recharging.The Chrysler and both Jeeps use an on-board range-extending battery charger (a generator). This generator automatically turns on after the vehicle's initial batter charge has been spent (usually within a range of 40 miles) supplying extra voltage that give these three vehicles an estimated range of approximately 400 miles. The generator is powered by a small gasoline-powered engine that runs with exceptional efficiency.This technology is similar in concept to what General Motors has shown in their Chevrolet Volt a vehicle that should be ready for production in 2010. AOL Autos: Cadillac Converj photosThe Dodge Circuit carries a larger battery pack and no generator so its range on the charge it carries is approximately 150-200 miles. Its large battery pack combined with compact dimensions and the exceptional torque provided by its electric motor blast the car from zero-to-sixty mph in around four seconds exceptionally fast for any sports car regardless of engine type.Mercedes-BenzMercedes-Benz used the 2009 Detroit Auto Show to showcase their Concept BlueZERO vehicles. The Mercedes approach was to develop one efficient body style and then equip it with three different electric drive packages. AOL Autos: Mercedes Stirling Moss photosMuch of the hardware for the all-electric front-wheel-drive propulsion units is built into what Mercedes calls "sandwich-floor" architecture that the company uses on several production cars. The design helps keep heavy components mounted low on the chassis for better handling enhanced safety and maximized interior room.All three Concept BlueZERO vehicles include electric drive and batteries. The E-Cell uses a large battery pack that is said to deliver a range of 120 miles. The F-Cell utilizes a smaller battery pack but supplements the vehicle's range with a hydrogen fuel cell. The fuel cell produces electricity to recharge the battery pack that extends cruising range to 240 miles.The E-Cell Plus with a range of approximately 360 miles is the distance champion. The key is the on-board generator powered by tiny 1-liter turbo-charged three-cylinder gasoline engine. The engine and generator are located in the rear of the BlueZERO.For the record when you see photos of these cars together the E-Cell is lime green the F-Cell is mint green and the E-Cell Plus is orange.ToyotaAdding to its line of popular hybrid vehicles in the U.S. Toyota just confirmed plans to add as many as 10 new gas/electric hybrid vehicles in the next few years.On their way toward that goal Toyota showed their all-new third-generation Prius plus the new Lexus HS250H. AOL Autos: 2010 Toyota Prius photosImportant to this story Toyota also committed to selling a battery powered electric car in 2012 for the U.S. market.Toyota debuted what their all-electric vehicle might be at the 2009 Detroit Auto Show and it's an urban commuter called the FT-EV. The little four-seater is based on Toyota's popular iQ a car that's already a hit in Japan. The good news is that the iQ is a real car so the FT-EV will not be a glorified golf cart or a neighborhood vehicle with severely limited capabilities. The claimed range for the FT-EV is 50 miles.As we went to press details were still sketchy about the FT-EV's running gear. As Toyota releases more details we'll bring them to you.MiniWhile standard MINI models like the Cooper are comparatively easy on gas compared to larger cars under the ownership of parent company BMW MINI is testing the limits of how green a MINI can be. AOL Autos: 2010 BMW Z4 photosPerhaps following the performance of the stunt cars used in The Italian Job (2003) BMW decided to investigate a battery-powered MINI. They introduced the MINI E coupe last November at the Los Angeles Auto Show and the car was on display again in Detroit.The "charged" MINI E can run up to 150 miles on a full battery pack. Charging is accomplished through standard 110- or 220-volt outlets. The electrified MINI weighs 600 pounds more than a standard MINI Cooper and because of the bulk of the required battery pack the interior seats only two. Performance from the 204-horsepower motor equals the gas-powered MINI with a 0-60 mph run in 8.5 seconds.BMW will produce only 500 MINI Es for the United States (if it were easy to make electric MINIs they'd make more). The limited-production run will be split between New York and L.A. on one-year closed-end leases. After the leases expire BMW will ship the MINIs back to Germany for evaluation. This scenario mimics what General Motors did with their EV1 electric vehicle about a decade ago. Washington (CNN) -- A Russian company is seeking to buy a controlling interest in one of the largest uranium extraction operations in the United States -- a sale that requires U.S. government review because of possible national security implications.Uranium One USA now a subsidiary of a Canadian company operates a uranium processing facility in Wyoming and has assets in Utah Texas and Colorado. The sale of the company's existing and pending operations could give Russia control of about 20 percent of U.S. uranium extraction capacity Nuclear Regulatory Commission officials estimate.Industry observers tell CNN they do not believe the sale of Uranium One to Joint Stock Company Atomredmetzoloto or ARMZ would jeopardize U.S. security saying that the United States relies on Russian dismantled nuclear weapons for much of the uranium used in nuclear reactors today and that sources of uranium are plentiful.I have no concerns about it at all, said Fred McGoldrick former director of the State Department's Office of Nonproliferation and Export Policy. "I don't see any national security threat to the United States from the Russians partly or entirely owning a mine in the United States."He added "The Russian's aren't coming. They came and went. They are no longer the Soviets. I think it's to our mutual interest that we cooperate with the Russians."Said Ed Lyman of the Union of Concerned Scientists "Looking at the big picture here I don't really think this has major security implications. I'd be interested in hearing arguments otherwise but I just don't see it."In an application submitted to the NRC JSC Atomredmetzoloto which currently owns 23.1 percent of Uranium One's common stock says it is seeking to buy a controlling 51 percent interest. The Russian company is controlled by Rosatom the Russian government agency that oversees Russia's nuclear industry.Uranium One would continue to be publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange its U.S. facilities would remain under their current management teams and five of the nine directors on the company's board would be non-Russian the company said.The bottom line is any of the uranium we buy or sell has to be used for peaceful purposes and it's subject to all the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the Nuclear Suppliers Group, Euratom (the European Atomic Energy Community), or any other governmental agency having jurisdiction over the United States and customer countries said Chris Sattler spokesman for Uranium One.Uranium One USA is involved in the "recovery" of uranium a form of mining in which a solution is injected into an ore body and the uranium leaches into the solution which is then extracted said NRC spokesman David McIntyre. The company is licensed to produce up to 2.5 million pounds of uranium a year it said.Stockholders approved the sale August 31 Sattler said but the companies are awaiting approval from numerous regulatory agencies in the United States Canada Australia and Kazakhstan.The NRC must approve the transfer of the NRC license for its Irigaray-Christiansen Ranch recovery facility in eastern Wyoming McIntyre said. "Generally we look at whether the new ownership would have the technical expertise and the financial wherewithal to maintain the site and clean up when operations cease he said.

Further, the sale needs to be reviewed by the Committee on Financial Investment in the United States, an inter-agency panel that advises the president on any transaction that could jeopardize U.S. national security. Committee officials declined to discuss the sale, saying they are prohibited by law from disclosing such matters.

And the sale may require approval of the Federal Trade Commission because it involves a stock transaction, and the Federal Communications Commission because one of the sites has a radio license, the NRC said.

The NRC released details of a pending license transfer in the Federal Register, in an item giving the public an opportunity to request a hearing on the issue. The NRC involvement is limited to the company's operations in Wyoming. The states of Texas and Utah regulate uranium mining operations there.

 Hong Kong (CNN) -- In 1842 when Hong Kong became a British crown colony after the first Opium War it was described by a very unimpressed UK Foreign Secretary Lord Palmerston as a barren rock with nary a house on it.He also added prophetically and spectacularly incorrectly "it will never be a mart for trade."Of course by 1997 when Hong Kong was handed back by the British to become a Special Administrative Region (S.A.R) of China it was a modern metropolis of well over six million souls used to a free economy a free press and the rule of law.According to the agreement hammered out between Britain and China the territory would remain that way for at least 50 years.Under Chinese rule Hong Kong would govern itself choose its own leaders control its own economy and maintain its own legal system. But there were many skeptics. Would China really be able to keep its hands off?Fifteen years later almost a third of the way through those 50 years are those promises still being kept? How has the territory changed?Christine Loh has a unique perspective. She was a legislator during the last years of the British colony and again in the early years of the Hong Kong S.A.R. A feisty democrat politician no one would ever accuse her of being in the "pro-Beijing" camp.If you look at the people of Hong Kong she said their daily lives really haven't changed very much.Indeed Hong Kong has its own borders and immigration control even with China. It has its own currency its own police force and system of law courts. It has freedom of expression and demonstration to a degree unheard of anywhere on the mainland. It's the only place in China for example that can commemorate the June 4 1989 crackdown against the students in Tiananmen Square.The territory also has its own legislature and chief executive. Beijing has always promised to be hands-off allowing the Hong Kong people to rule Hong Kong but many still feel it has undue influence in local politics and in an electoral system that favors pro-Beijing candidates.China's huge presence is inescapable.Our unease in Hong Kong is that the mainland is so big and we are so small. We are a small city of seven million people. It is easy for us to be physically overwhelmed. I think that is our fear, Loh said.Since the handover trade ties between Hong Kong and China have strengthened so much so that Hong Kong is now the mainland's biggest source of foreign investment state news service Xinhua reported quoting China's ministry of commerce.Hong Kong is also the top destination for investment from the mainland. Trade between the two surged nearly 600% to US$284 billion from 1996 the year before the handover and last year Xinhua said. And ties are only set to strengthen.In the days leading to the 15 year anniversary China announced a package of policies to further bind the mainland and the island covering trade finance education science and technology and tourism.But the prospect of tighter ties with their homeland is not necessarily being welcomed by Hong Kongers many of whom feel that while Chinese money has boosted business it has also put pressure on public services.Earlier this year full page advertisements appeared in the local media bluntly calling mainlanders "locusts" and accusing them of driving up property prices and squeezing Hong Kongers out of their own hospitals and schools.We have a love-hate relationship with China, said Hong Kong entrepreneur Douglas Young whose popular chain of stores selling furnishings and knick-knacks celebrates a unique Hong Kong style.He is adamant that Hong Kong should hold onto its differences.I disagree that you have to choose between being a Hong Kong person or a Chinese person. I am both. Like a New Yorker, a New Yorker is both a New Yorker and an American, and I am a Hong Konger as well as being a Chinese person, Young said.So I think there is nothing wrong with Hong Kong being a part of mainland China or being a Chinese city. All I am saying is that Hong Kong should maintain its differences in its regional identity.CNN asked people on the streets of Hong Kong what the difference was between Hong Kongers and the Chinese.Many of us were educated in Western countries and went abroad for a university education so naturally our cultural background is different from those Chinese nationals who were born and raised in China, one man said.I don't know much about China, one woman said in Cantonese. "The problems in China right now make me think that I should not consider myself Chinese she added.

However, one woman who described herself as a Chinese person who was born in Hong Kong said, Hong Kong people and Chinese people are basically the same. The only difference between the two is that they are born in different places." (CNN) -- China rekindled memories of the 2008 Olympics with a spectacular opening ceremony for the 16th Asian Games in Guangzhou on Friday.Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao formally began the event which will be the largest in its 59-year history with 28 Olympic and 14 non-Olympic sports and 476 gold medals to be won.China which won a leading 166 golds at the previous competition in Qatar four years ago has a delegation of 1454 members including Olympic champion hurdler 110-meter hurdler Liu Xiang and badminton star Lin Dan.He Chong who won diving gold in Beijing capped a massive fireworks display in the middle of the Pearl River on Haixinsha Island by ignited a giant flare to light the cauldron that houses the Asiad flame.Afghanistan's athletes were the first of the 45 nations taking part to parade with China concluding the march with Olympic women's rowing champion Jin Ziwei as flag bearer.Remember, you are part of history right here, right now, Olympic Council of Asia president Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah of Kuwait said in front of 30000 people attending the ceremony.Please show us your best performance, and show us the spirit of sportsmanship, fair play, friendship and respect to your fellow athletes and officials.The event's official website reported that Guangdong Province built and updated 70 stadiums for the competition which runs until November 27 and that 900000 volunteers will be on hand.It said since winning hosting rights in 2004 Guangzhou officials have given out one million brochures and sent 40 million text messages to teach its citizens better manners including instructions on how to smile.This year cricket dance sports dragon-boat racing roller sports and Go chess will make their debut appearances in the competition. (CNN) -- Why leave home when you can send out a sexy stylish robot version of yourself to do anything you tell it?In "Surrogates lifelike robots take the place of humans in day-to-day life.

That's the world of Surrogates a film starring Bruce Willis that opens Friday.

Willis plays an FBI agent who investigates the first murder to occur in years in a world where no one worries about crime or pain, because their robots self-heal with a quick reboot.

Far-fetched science fiction? Sure.

But scientists and the movie's makers say the technology might not be as far away as most people think.

Armies use remote-controlled robots to attack enemies and destroy land mines. Emerging technology for the disabled allows users to operate robotic limbs and control computer cursors without touching a keyboard.

And emerging telepresence" technology is letting people see hear and increasingly walk talk and gesture using human-sized robots a world away.There are a lot of real-world components to this, said robotics expert and author Daniel H. Wilson whose books like "Where's My Jet Pack?" and "How to Survive a Robot Uprising" explore the intersections between science fiction and real science.Clearly, there are not fully functional humanoid robots ... but there are a lot of components to telepresence that already exist.Surrogates director Jonathan Mostow whose film credits include 2003's "Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines said he was drawn to the concept of surrogate robots as an extension of current technology. And, he said, as he met with scientists, he became convinced that something approaching the concept could one day be a reality.

To me it's not even a question of the technology. Technology always catches up he said. The question is is some universal human urge being met by this invention? It seems to me we have a fundamental human desire to be lazy to sort of not have to do things in person and to do it remotely.That began with the telegraph and the telephone and has morphed into the Internet.The first steps down the road are being taken at Anybots a Mountain View California company founded in 2001 by Trevor Blackwell.The company offers for about $30000 a 5-foot-tall 35-pound robot that allows the user to remotely travel see hear and talk. It hopes to release its latest version of the robot at a more affordable price.The robot's vaguely humanoid curves roughly adult height and ability to move around using technology similar to that of the Segway are important steps up from current teleconferencing technology Blackwell said.Anybots in the development phase are being designed to run jump and climb stairs and they come equipped with fully articulated hands designed to perform increasingly human-like tasks.Blackwell said he's not sure the technology will ever advance to the level imagined in "Surrogates" -- but that may have as much to do with desire as ability.I don't know if we'll ever get quite to that level, of being that realistic, he said. "Most of the time you're not trying to fool people; you're just trying to make something human enough so people can relate to it."Wilson who said he appreciates "Surrogates" because it avoids sci-fi's traditional "man vs. machine" dynamic also imagines social reasons for not pursuing such technology.Would humans stand in line at the grocery store behind a robot? Would I let my children play outside if I knew there were robots outside walking dogs? he said.It's more realistic Wilson said that a humanoid robot could be created to remotely perform tasks that would be too dangerous for the machine's operator to do. although NASA employs robots in space the highly technical work often required for space walks still requires a human touch -- at least for now.Plus he said making robots that look and act like us would help them function better he said.Another major reason to create humanoid robots is, they can use all of our tools, Wilson said. "Human beings have taken large chunks of the planet and completely transformed the environment to support our embodiment. Doorways are a certain width all over the world because human beings are about the same size. All our tools are similar because we've all got hands and thumbs."For Mostow the movie also reflects technological advances that for better or worse exist as the world of online networking continues to grow.You can do your shopping. You can get your news. You can let everyone know what you're up to, he said. "For those who telecommute you don't even have to put your clothes on to go to work.This idea basically just takes that to its logical conclusion. COLOMBO Sri Lanka (CNN) -- Sri Lankan soldiers seized a key rebel stronghold over the weekend as humanitarian agencies feared for the safety of civilians.Sri Lankan troops at Elephant Pass the isthmus that connects north Jaffna peninsula to rest of the country.It's an incredibly serious situation, James Elder a U.N. spokesman said Monday. "We have a very large number of people including tens of thousands of children trapped in a fast-shrinking conflict zone."Government forces took the area in a surprise attack early Sunday the head of Sri Lanka's army announced.Troops crossed a lagoon and entered the town of Mullaittivu before encountering heavy resistance from Tamil fighters according to the government-run news agency.Our troops fought their way through a 40 km (25 mile) thick jungle track, Lt. Gen. Sarath Fonseka said in a televised address Sunday.This is the long-awaited victory and I am happy to say that our heroic forces today captured the Mullaittivu town after 12 years, he said.There has been no confirmation from the rebels that the strategic garrison has been overtaken.The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) -- commonly known as the Tamil Tigers -- have fought for an independent homeland for the country's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983. The civil war has left more than 70000 people dead.The rebels gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 and established a military garrison there according to the government.In recent days the military has made significant progress in its campaign to recapture rebel strongholds.Earlier this month troops regained control of the northern town of Elephant Pass the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula.It had been in rebel hands for more than nine years.The recapture enabled the government to use a highway linking the mainland to the peninsula to move troops and supplies. Previously it was done by air and sea.The area that the LTTE has dominated has shrank phenomenally, Sri Lankan High Commissioner to India C.R Jayasinghe told CNN. "They lost ... about 90 percent of what they had."Despite major government gains critics point to ongoing civilian casualties resultant from the conflict.This is a critical moment in the conflict when the space for these people has shrunk, Elder said.The United Nations is "calling on the ... Tamil Tigers to meet their international responsibilities and guarantee that these very large civilian populations to move freely and then can move away from the conflict and to areas where they can receive appropriate assistance Elder said.

Some Sri Lankan U.N. staff are trapped there he said in a Sunday interview. Convoys are going to the area delivering emergency supplies but these are not sufficient for the number of people in need."Sri Lankan authorities are barring journalists and humanitarian aid workers from areas where heavy fighting is taking place.Amnesty International spokesman Shuransu Mishra estimated that "over a quarter of a million of the population mostly Tamils are trapped between the two sides."The organization says greater access and protection for aid workers and journalists are needed as news agencies struggle to report an accurate picture of the conflict.The Sri Lankan authorities are doing little to ensure the safety of the country's media, or to prosecute those responsible for murdering or attacking them, Amnesty International spokeswoman Yolanda Foster said in a written statement on Friday.The Sri Lankan authorities "are also directly responsible for subjecting journalists to harassment and interrogation she said.

At least 14 journalists have been killed since the start of 2006, according to the statement.

Others have been driven from the country by death threats, or in fear of detention and torture by government authorities, it said.

 (CNN) -- A Saudi Arabian blogger detained in December ostensibly because he supported reform advocates accused by the Saudi government of backing terrorism has been released a fellow blogger posted Saturday.Web sites like this one pushed for Fouad al-Farhan's release.Ahmed al-Omran said on his blog saudijeans.org and later told CNN that he was awakened by a text message from the wife of Fouad al-Farhan saying he had been released and was at home with his family.That's great news, and this is just how I wanted to start my morning, al-Omran wrote.He said he later spoke with al-Farhan for several minutes on the telephone.He sounded fine; he seems to be in good spirits, al-Omran said. "He said he would have more to talk about later but not at this point. He said now he'd like to take some time to spend with his family with his children that he hasn't seen for so long."  Watch al-Omran describe his conversation with al-Farhan »A Web site set up to call for al-Farhan's release said "Fouad is free. He is back home in Jeddah after 137 days in custody."The Saudi Interior Ministry said it had no immediate comment on the reports.In January a ministry spokesman said al-Farhan was arrested December 10 "because he violated the regulations of the kingdom."But in an e-mail posted on al-Farhan's Web site after his arrest he told friends that he faced arrest for supporting 10 reform advocates the Saudi government accused of backing terrorism. In the e-mail al-Farhan said a senior Interior Ministry official promised that he would remain in custody for three days at most if he agreed to sign a letter of apology.I'm not sure if I'm ready to do that, he wrote. "An apology for what? Apologizing because I said the government is [a] liar when they accused those guys of supporting terrorism?"Al-Farhan who blogs at alfarhan.org is one of the few Saudi Web commentators to use his own name according to the U.S.-based Committee to Protect Journalists.In January the Bush administration expressed its concerns to the Saudi government regarding al-Farhan's detention at "a relatively senior level U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said.

The U.S. stands for freedom of expression McCormack said at the time. Wherever people are seeking to express themselves via the Internet or via other areas whether in Saudi Arabia or elsewhere in the world we stand with that freedom of expression and that was our message to the Saudi government."The American Islamic Congress a U.S.-based nonprofit organization launched an online letter-writing campaign aimed at freeing al-Farhan whom it called "the godfather of Saudi blogging."All he did was express his opinions in a very obvious way, and he didn't threaten anyone, al-Omran said. "He was advocating against violence and terrorism."Al-Omran said al-Farhan had stopped blogging for a few months in late 2006 after the Interior Ministry ordered him to take down a blog he was operating but he began again at a new site.He said al-Farhan told him he was treated well in jail. He also called al-Farhan's release a turning point for the blogging community in Saudi Arabia.It showed the community of bloggers in Saudi Arabia can come together and support this cause -- support his freedom of speech -- even those who didn't agree with some of the things he wrote, he said. E-mail to a friendCNN's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Pakistan's much-awaited military offensive in North Waziristan was launched more than a week ago and followed an attack on Karachi airport that left at least 36 people dead.Due to the strategic calculations of the Pakistani state North Waziristan has steadily fallen into the hands of motley militant networks and has become a mountainous zone for the Pakistani Taliban to recruit regroup and launch attacks against the country.The Pakistani Army conducted a similar operation in the Swat Valley in 2009 not too far from the tribal areas that has been a relative success in reclaiming territory. It is unclear which direction the latest operation will go. But a major humanitarian crisis is brewing in the wake of the new offensive.As of Wednesday the government had registered over 450000 internally displaced people (IDPs) who have been fleeing the area in view of the aerial bombardments and warnings by military authorities. There are fears the figures could be much higher.Desperate need for shelterThe military has taken extraordinary steps especially in terms of its public relations efforts to minimize the fallout in public perception. It's issuing press releases specifying how many terrorists have been killed and giving a count of aid distributed.Yet thousands of families still need immediate support in terms of livelihood shelter and basic amenities. While the United Nations has stepped in to provide aid distribution systems have a long way to go in meeting the scale of demand.Beyond North Waziristan the Pakhtun population follows the age-old custom of accepting and looking after "guests." Predictably many families fleeing the violence are being absorbed into the towns and villages of Bannu in neighboring Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) province.Bannu town is straining under the pressure of a massive population influx. While local Pakhtuns and civic groups have been engaged the response of the government authorities has been slow. The disaster management authority (FDMA) in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) underfunded like most government agencies is battling with the magnitude of the crisis.Government responseThe government has established one camp in Bannu but many more facilities are needed especially during the hot summer season. A meager grant is being offered to each family for their multifarious needs but very few have received it so far.The political opposition that rules KP has complained of a funds shortage and voices in the media have criticized the federal government's inordinate focus on domestic political squabbles and high profile infrastructure projects ignoring the plight of homeless people.The minister in charge of the government response â€” the Federal Minister for States and Frontier Regions retired Lt Gen Abdul Qadri Baloch -- has said "every reasonable need of the IDPs will be taken care of in the best possible manner and money is not an issue." However he also urged fellow Pakistanis to "open their pockets."Few places to goPakistan's ethnic politics also impedes free movement of IDPs. While the country's constitution allows for freedom of movement for its citizens the provincial governments of Sindh and Punjab have restricted the inflow of migrants from the north.The provincial government of Sindh says that it is already dealing with two million "aliens" and has attributed the rise of militancy in the port city Karachi due to earlier in-country migrations. Similarly Punjab the home province of Pakistan's Prime Minister has refused to host the displaced people.This policy has been termed illegal by political leaders and has caused resentment not just among the IDPs but Pakistan's Pakhtun population in general.Marginalized populationThe people of North Waziristan -- and the tribal region FATA -- have been stranded between the military and the militants for more than a decade. They have dealt with historic marginalization underdevelopment high poverty levels and of late the polio epidemic.An estimated 160000 children are vulnerable since the Taliban banned immunization in North Waziristan two years ago terming immunization as a "Western conspiracy." A major worry nationally is that the polio virus may spread faster than it has in recent months. According to government officials Pakistan has reported 65 polio cases from FATA this year of which 50 alone pertained to North Waziristan.Challenge and opportunitiesThese grave challenges require leadership and effective interagency coordination. Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has set up a high level body that monitors the day-to-day situation. But it is the local authorities that need more funds and broader mandates.The risks of aggravating the already marginalized people are manifold. Increased radicalization is one since the area is an open field for charities affiliated with extremist organizations.There are opportunities as well. Free of Taliban diktat there is a greater scope for immunization campaigns for the children now. There is also an opportunity to rebuild FATA which has been governed since the British times as a remote outpost of the Empire with little or no rights for the local population. Earlier reform efforts led nowhere.Political and administrative reforms must follow the military operations. Local governments and courts are needed for the area. Pakistan's tribal belt has to evolve from its current status as a "strategic semi-colonial arena to a democratic polity. This requires a civil-military consensus.

For now, the country must tackle the growing numbers of homeless and avoid another catastrophe in the making.

Fleeing Pakistanis crowd border towns, asking 'why weren't we warned?'

 (CNN) -- Authorities found four human bodies abandoned in the Arizona desert Thursday.Initial indications point to exposure as the probable cause of death said Victor Brabble a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection.It is probable that they are immigrants attempting to cross into the U.S., he said. "However we don't have enough to draw a conclusion on it now."The bodies were found near Gila Bend Arizona about 70 miles north of the border. They have not been identified the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office said.Immigrants often try to cross the Sonoran Desert's harsh terrain and there are many heat-related deaths Brabble said Thursday.Immigrant rights advocates have warned that even as border crossings decrease deaths are on the rise as increased border security forces people to choose more dangerous crossing routes. Border patrol officials have argued that more security is necessary to stop smugglers.According to a recent study by the Binational Migration Institute at the University of Arizona more than 2230 migrants have died in the state's desert area along the border in the past 22 years.In the border region of Pima County Arizona deaths of unidentified migrants in the desert have become so common the Medical Examiner's Office has helped create a website to track the deaths and assist family members searching for their loved ones' remains.On Thursday a bipartisan group of senators announced a proposal to add 20000 more border agents complete 700 miles of fence along the boundary with Mexico and deploy $3.2 billion in technology upgrades similar to equipment used by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan.The proposed amendment negotiated by a group of senators from both parties known as the "Gang of Eight is intended to ensure Senate passage of a major immigration reform bill with enough Republican support to persuade the GOP-controlled House to also take up the measure.

Journalist Valeria Fernandez and CNN's Tom Cohen, Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report.

 (WIRED)  -- The Verizon iPhone and AT&T iPhone have gone head-to-head in thousands of broadband tests and the numbers tell the story you'd expect: AT&T's network is much faster.Ookla creators of the Speedtest.net broadband test compiled data from tests run by iPhone customers using the Speedtest.net app on both AT&T and Verizon.On average the reported AT&T iPhone transfer rates were roughly two times faster than the Verizon iPhone's.The AT&T iPhone's average download speed was 1769 Kbps and the average upload speed was 730 Kbps. By way of comparison the Verizon iPhone's average download speed was 848 Kbps and the average upload speed was 506 Kbps.The results come from 43000 AT&T iPhones and 14000 Verizon iPhones all over the United States. Most Speedtest.net app users ran the tests multiple times totaling 106000 results from AT&T iPhone users and 49000 results from Verizon iPhone users.The Speedtest.net results did not provide data on coverage reliability or dropped connections.From my benchmarking of the Verizon iPhone versus the AT&T iPhone I also found that the AT&T iPhone's 3G transfer rates were much faster than Verizon's.However the AT&T iPhone sometimes could not complete tests because it did not have a connection whereas the Verizon iPhone successfully completed every test. In short I found the Verizon iPhone to be slower with network transfers but more reliable with coverage. Reviewers at other publications had the same results.I think that's the story I expected to see, said Doug Suttles co-founder of Ookla. "Verizon has never talked up their speed but they always talk up coverage and reliability.... I think the story is quality versus throughput: What are you after?"Speedtest.net's nationwide results back my verdict: You should get a Verizon iPhone if you really care about voice quality and calls but the AT&T iPhone is better as a media-consumption device (Netflix movies photo downloads and uploads etc.) because of its faster speeds.Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here!Copyright 2011 Wired.com. (AOL Autos) -- There are two good ways to buy your new car or truck at a reasonable low price and avoid all of the negotiating games and hassles:1. Buy through the InternetBuying your new or used car or truck through the Internet is the easiest and most hassle-free way to make the purchase.All you have to do is choose the vehicle brand and model you wish to purchase as well as provide some basic contact information such as your name and e-mail address. In return you'll receive - via e-mail - low bottom-line selling prices from dealerships in your area for the exact vehicle you want to buy.Compare the various selling prices and find the lowest one. Then simply go direct to that dealership's Internet Department sign the papers and drive your new car home - no negotiating no hassles.To begin the process get your free price quotes from AOL Autos. It only takes a few minutes. This service is totally free and you are under no obligation or pressure to buy. AOL like CNN is a unit of Time Warner.Within 24 hours you'll receive your bottom-line selling prices from dealerships in your area. Once you've compared the various prices and found the lowest one you then have four good options:• You can go to the dealership that gave you the lowest price sign the papers and drive your new car home -- no hassles no negotiating. AOL Autos: Best deals of the month• You can try to negotiate the lowest price with the dealership in order to get the price even lower. There's nothing that says you can't. AOL Autos: Aggressive car buying tactics• You can shop the lowest price around to other dealerships to see if any of them are willing to beat it. AOL Autos: Which dealers treat you best?• You can do nothing. If you feel unsure or uncertain then set it aside for a while. You are not obligated to buy anything you don't want.By getting these low bottom-line selling prices via the Internet you're avoiding the car salesman's entire negotiating game altogether. And you're buying your car at about the same price you would expect after lengthy negotiations. It's certainly the fastest and easiest way to beat the car salesman. AOL Autos: New rules to car buying2. Buy through the dealership's Fleet DepartmentAlmost every dealership has a division called the "Fleet Department." It usually consists of only a handful of salespeople who specialize in selling fleets of cars -- large orders of several vehicles direct to businesses. This department is authorized by the dealership to sell their cars at bottom-line non-negotiable prices. The prices they offer are about the same as you would expect from an online price quote or after lengthy negotiations.A secret of the car business is that many dealerships' Fleet Departments also sell direct to the public. By the rules of the game however they can't advertise to the public since they don't want to compete with the dealership's retail sales team. So to buy from the Fleet Department you have to specifically ask.To buy your vehicle direct from the dealership's Fleet Department simply call the dealership and ask to speak with the Fleet Manager. When you get him on the line explain to him that you're ready to buy a car and you'd like to buy it from him. If he asks you what business you are associated with tell him where you work. He'll probably be happy to set up an appointment with you.When you arrive at the dealership the Fleet Manager will show you the vehicle allow you to test drive it and then bring you to the office to discuss price. With absolutely no negotiations he'll offer you a reasonable bottom-line non-negotiable selling price for the vehicle.If the price he gives you falls within the pre-set limits of your buying goal and you're satisfied with the deal then you can buy the car. No pressure no games no hassles.If for some reason you don't want to buy the vehicle you are under no obligation. Simply thank the salesman for his time and leave on good terms. Then if you'd like you can visit (or call) the Fleet Departments of other dealerships to compare prices. The selling prices offered by the various Fleet Departments can vary depending upon their inventories. AOL Autos: Have a car shopping game planMichael Royce is a consumer advocate and former car salesman. For more car-buying tips and advice visit his Beat the Car Salesman Web site. (CNN) -- An internationally renowned paleontologist will plead guilty to stealing dinosaur bones from federal land his attorneys said in a court filing.Paleontologist Nate Murphy is expected to plead guilty to stealing fossils from federal land.Nate Murphy whose famous finds include Leonardo one of the best-preserved dinosaurs in the world will make that plea in federal court in Billings Montana.Earlier this month Murphy pleaded guilty to state charges of stealing a fossil from private land in order to sell it. An expert cited in that case said Murphy's find was worth between $150000 and $400000.The self-taught dinosaur expert who is director of vertebrate paleontology at the Judith River Dinosaur Institute could face jail time.Murphy and his attorney did not immediately respond to phone messages Friday from CNN.Jessica Fehr lead prosecutor in the case said the U.S. Attorney's Office would not comment until after the plea is entered.In court papers federal prosecutors say Murphy knowingly took fossils from federal property between about August 2006 and August 2007. The "paleontological resources" were said to be worth at least $1000.In the state case Murphy pleaded guilty to a felony charge of theft. As part of the plea the state recommended Murphy's sentence be deferred for five years.Douglas Erwin president of The Paleontological Society and curator of the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History said "theft of fossils from pubic lands has long been a problem."In a written statement sent to CNN on Friday he said such thefts "can often result in the loss of important scientific information and the disappearance of specimens that belong to the public.At the same time, however, fossil collecting, particularly of common invertebrate fossils, has been a pastime enjoyed by many for decades, and is an important way of connecting people with their natural heritage.An omnibus public lands bill which the U.S. Senate passed Thursday includes penalties for fossil theft from public land. Washington (CNN) -- More than 15 million surge protectors are being recalled for posing a potential fire hazard the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the manufacturer announced Thursday.Seven hundred instances of APC SurgeArrest devices overheating or melting have been reported according to a press release from the safety commission. Thirteen people were hurt and 55 claims were made for damage caused by smoke and fire.The recall includes corded surge protectors manufactured before 2003 by Schneider Electric IT Corporation.The affected products may present a fire hazard under infrequent, abnormal building wiring and electrical conditions, the company said. "This hazard has been reported in a small percentage (less than 0.01%) of the units sold and included reports of property damage mostly involving damaged nylon carpeting."Thirty-two model numbers of the company's "7 series" and "8 series" devices are included in the recall and can be found on the company's website recall.apc.com or by calling 888 437 4007The safety commission urges the public to stop using the surge protectors and to contact the company for a replacement. (CNN) -- When news broke that six e-mail accounts belonging to members of the Bush family were hacked and some of the contents posted online reactions ranged from being offended to amusement.Many people objected to the leak of family exchanges reflecting contingency planning for the funeral of President George H.W. Bush. If ever a family deserves privacy it is when dealing with the death or impending death of a loved one.Others seized on the semi-nude bathing self-portraits of President George W. Bush to resume ridicule not seen since he left office.And virtually everyone took the episode as a warning that "this can happen to you."The Bush family email hack comes on the heels of reports of hacking at universities and major newspapers and it follows urgent government warnings against our fragile cybersecurity defenses.So do the average users of online e-mail and Web services simply have to assume that hacking will expose their personal messages and photos? Not necessarily.The recent spate of security breaches and the attention focused on them will mean that government and businesses will up their game even more to secure our information infrastructure. But the security reinforcement might take time.In the meantime people have options to protect their information and themselves. Privacy and data security is a shared responsibility after all and users have a role to play.Some Web-based e-mail services like Google's Gmail offer tools to add an extra layer of protection. Gmail offers a two-step verification to add an extra layer of security.Such protection erects a double gate against unwanted interception. Through two-step verification in addition to user name and password you enter a code that the e-mail provider will send via text voice call or on a mobile app.Two-step verification drastically reduces the chances of someone stealing the personal information from your e-mail account because hackers would have to not only get a password and your user name they would also have to have access to the mobile phone to which the code is sent.And while you are taking steps to secure your e-mail you would be well-advised to make sure your WiFi connection is secure.Wireless routers are ubiquitous allowing you to share your internet connection and files around the house. But without securing your router anyone within range can access the websites you visit and may be able to access your personal information. Securing your WiFi router with a password is an easy step to take and it is often overlooked.If you want to get a little more technical take a look at whether the website you are using to transmit information is using HTTPS -- hypertext transfer protocol secure. HTTPS encrypts your data so that it cannot be intercepted during transmission.You will find that your banking transactions almost always will be conducted through the HTTPS protocol. For an extra level of security check to see if other websites you use offer HTTPS for transmission.So instead of throwing up your hands that Web-based e-mail and online data transfers can never be secure seek out and use the security tools that already exist.And no matter what your political persuasion thank the Bush family for the wake-up call.The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Wolf. Baghdad Iraq (CNN)Iraqi forces appeared Wednesday to be making progress on the third day of a major offensive intended to push ISIS fighters out of the city of Tikrit.The Iraqi soldiers are reportedly approaching the city from five directions as they seek to prevent ISIS militants from either escaping from Tikrit or sending in reinforcements to bolster its defense.The operation is part of a wide-scale offensive to retake Tikrit and Salahuddin province ordered by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Sunday.It has highlighted the role played by neighboring Iran in the fight against ISIS at a time when the United States and five other world powers are negotiating with Tehran on a controversial deal to curb its nuclear program.The semiofficial Iranian FARS news agency reports that Qassim Sulaimani the commander of the elite Iranian Al-Quds Brigade is helping oversee the operation to retake Tikrit.Iran has provided advisers weapons and ammunition to the Iraqi government. According to the Pentagon there may be Iranians operating heavy artillery and rocket launchers as well.Despite the reported Iranian assistance the Iraqi forces face no easy task as they seek to advance on Tikrit.Besides the direct threat posed by ISIS fighters they must also avoid the large numbers of homemade bombs that litter the approaches to the city.Iraq has not asked the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS to provide air cover for the operation to retake Tikrit.ISIS released a number of propaganda images Wednesday showing several vehicles and dozens of ISIS militants with their weapons which it said were part of a military reinforcement of Salahuddin province.CNN cannot independently confirm the authenticity of the photographs.How the U.S. and Iran found common interestsWhy battle for Tikrit will defeat ISISTikrit fell to ISIS in June of 2014 after the group's capture of Iraq's second-largest city Mosul. Tikrit is best known to Westerners as the birthplace of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.ISIS the radical Sunni militant group has been on a murderous campaign to establish a caliphate across swaths of Iraq and Syria.On Monday Iraqi forces approached Tikrit from several fronts Iraqiya TV reported engaging with ISIS north of the city at al-Alam and south of the city at al-Dour.The element of surprise probably was not a factor as reports of Iraqi troops amassing near Tikrit were widely shared.What awaits the Iraqi army is most likely a long hard slog and not a quick rout. Tikrit is a big city and the army and its associated militias have had problems recapturing much smaller towns from ISIS.There have been several failed attempts to recapture Tikrit since the second half of 2014. While Iraqi forces have gained some territory in the area it has generally been under ISIS control for the last eight months or so.Prime Minister al-Abadi who is also commander in chief of the armed forces said on Twitter that he would "oversee the operation to liberate Tikrit" from ISIS.The joint Iraqi forces fighting to retake Tikrit include Iraqi troops members of the Shia al-Hashed al-Shaabi militia members of the Sunni Sons of Salahuddin brigades and other Sunni tribal fighters.The offensive involves around 30000 fighters in all.Rights group Human Rights Watch on Wednesday urged government forces to protect civilians from revenge attacks by pro-government militias as they fight to retake Tikrit.The rights group said it had documented "numerous atrocities against Sunni civilians by pro-government militias and security forces" after they recaptured other towns.Human Rights Watch also warned that ISIS could seek to use civilians as human shields.All commanders in Tikrit need to make sure that their forces protect civilians and allow them to flee the combat zone, said Joe Stork the group's deputy Middle East and North Africa director.Past fighting raises grave concerns that Tikrit's civilians are at serious risk from both ISIS and government forces, and both sides need to protect civilians from more sectarian slaughter.CNN's Ben Wedeman reported from Baghdad and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London. CNN's Mariano Castillo and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report. Washington (CNN) -- The White House has been tight-lipped about how many uninsured Americans have signed up for health care insurance under the Affordable Care Act which has led to some concerns about whether enough people are enrolling in private health plans to make the economic model work.Under the law insurance companies are required to cover anyone. But in order to make that economically feasible everyone has to buy insurance.The White House has set a goal of enrolling 7 million people in private insurance plans through the new health insurance exchanges by March 31 2014 the end of the glitch-plagued open enrollment period that started October 1.But it has been tight-lipped so far about how many people have actually enrolled in private insurance plans -- those who have both applied and paid the premiums in advance.Officials announced Thursday that 700000 people have applied for insurance plans in both the 36 states that are using a federally run health care exchange and the 14 states running their own exchanges.Obamacare website 'fixable' by end of NovemberBut don't apply that 700000 application figure to the 7 million enrollment goal. For starters there's no guarantee that all 700000 will ultimately enroll in a health insurance plan.And those 700000 applications include Medicaid enrollments.Medicaid programs are the public health insurance programs run by states to provide low-income people with health insurance.As the law was originally envisioned more than half of the uninsured people in the United States -- 24 million or so according to the Kaiser Family Foundation -- who would be getting insurance through Obamacare would have been getting Medicaid. Anyone who makes less than 138% of the poverty level -- about $27000 for a family of four -- isn't eligible for federal subsidies to buy insurance so Medicaid is effectively their only option.So it's not necessarily a bad thing if more than half of the people getting insurance under Obamacare so far are getting Medicaid. But in many of the states operating their own exchanges new Medicaid enrollees account for more than half of the people who have obtained insurance under Obamacare since October 1.Related: Finger-pointing over ObamacareShould it be alarming that so many of these 700000 new applications are people trying to get Medicaid and not private insurance?Not yet said Matt Salo executive director of the National Association of Medicaid Directors.There's nothing in what we've seen to suggest anything like that, he said. "Whether you're able to be eligible for Medicaid or not is totally dependent on your income."But he did admit "Some of the numbers we've seen preliminary early numbers do seem a little out of whack."But he said there's a reason for that.In these small handful of states, they're aggressively targeting people they think might be eligible for Medicaid, Salo said.Salo pointed to people who the states already know are on food stamps receiving some other kind of state or locally funded health program.You know who they are, you know what their income is, you know they're OK accepting government benefits. If you go after these guys, there should be no surprise that these people are being enrolled.Also in some states Medicaid coverage starts immediately meaning there may be more of an incentive to enroll early because you get coverage sooner than on the private market where no matter when you enroll in the first two and a half months coverage still starts on January 1.In Arkansas they've insured more than 62000 people in Medicaid since October 1. But in a novel twist they're doing it by using Medicaid dollars to buy people private insurance on the exchanges.Related: Obamacare more than a phone call awayAnd Oregon has been approved to use food stamps and other metrics as a prequalifier for Medicaid enrollment. So the state sent letters to uninsured welfare recipients that detailed simple steps to enroll in Medicaid -- i.e. just sign a form and mail it back or call a hotline. This has resulted in tens of thousands of enrollees. But Oregon also has yet to allow online registration for private health insurance. It's the one state that elected to fix the glitches in its website before going live.It may very well be that not enough people -- particularly the young and the healthy people who are needed to pay premiums to offset the benefits going out to older and less healthy -- are signing up for health insurance on the exchanges.But with so little information from the government it is too early to tell.What we learned and didn't from Obamacare website hearing An unlicensed doctor has been charged with causing an HIV outbreak in a remote village in northwestern Battambang province local media report.More than 800 panicked residents of Rokar village sought testing after reports of infections emerged last week. Some 106 people tested positive for HIV according to the National AIDS authority.A provincial court has laid three charges against the unlicensed doctor Yem Chroeum including intentionally transmitting the HIV virus and running a clinic without permission from the Ministry of Health police said.The police confirmed Chroeum used contaminated needles.After questioning Yem Chroeum, he confessed he did order his son-in-law to burn down the evidence behind his house, and (treated) patients with negligence, as well as using the same needles to treat them, Chet Vanny deputy police chief of Battambang province told the Phnom Penh Post.Cambodia calls for investigationCambodia Prime Minister Hun Sen called for an inquiry into the mass HIV infection last week.I call for a thorough investigation into the issue, Hun Sen said in a televised speech.The Ministry of Health the World Health Organization and UNAIDS have sent teams to the village to carry out more investigations and provide free testing and treatment services.I urge everyone to stay calm and avoid listening to or spreading rumors, said Dr Mam Bunheng minister of health in a press release.We should also all fully respect the privacy of the affected families and ensure they do not face stigma and discrimination, he added.UNAIDS estimates there are 76000 people living with HIV in Cambodia. The country has been widely praised for its progress in tackling AIDS. New HIV infections have dropped by 67% from 3500 in 2005 to 1300 in 2013 according to UNAIDS.Prime Minister Hun Sen announced last week that Cambodia is committed to stopping new HIV infections by 2020. The government will allocate US$3.7 million of national funding to HIV treatment from 2015 to 2017. (CNN) -- I've written quite a bit about medical myths so I'm always a bit skeptical about medical "knowledge." But one thing I and I'm sure many of you think we understand is obesity. After all weight issues crop up in media constantly. Just last night Gov. Chris Christie was joking about donuts and his weight on The Late Show with David Letterman and the First Lady's weight is once again a subject of discussion in the Washington Post--even though by any objective standard she's in great shape.We know how people gain weight and we think we know how to lose it.Except a study in this week's New England Journal of Medicine shows us that's just not right. Pretty much everything we "know" about obesity and weight loss is wrong.Let's start with some things that are true.More than a third of Americans are obese. Many more are overweight. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that obesity-related medical costs were almost $150 billion in 2008 and the cost in health related expensed for an average person who was obese was more than $1400. This doesn't count the physical mental or quality-of-life toll that obesity can levy on a person.Few of us dispute that we need to do something about this problem. There are plenty of experts (present company included) who will tell you what needs to be done. The sad truth though is that lots of that advice (even mine) turns out to be mistaken.I know I've told people that making small sustained lifestyle changes is the best way to lose weight over time. But it turns out that making such changes say by deciding to walk a mile every day for five years results in far less weight loss than you'd expect.Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fightI've lectured people about the importance of physical education in schools and I've seen countless reports declaring that the decrease in PE nationwide is one of the reasons that more children are obese or overweight today. It turns out that studies don't show that's the case.My family loves watching "The Biggest Loser." But I've found myself telling my kids again and again that what's shown on TV isn't the best way to lose weight. I tell them that slow and steady works better in the long-run than rapid weight loss. I also tell them that setting unrealistic weight goals can actually sabotage your efforts.So imagine my shock to discover that what evidence exists in this new study hints towards ambitious goals being a good thing and that quicker weight loss isn't less likely to be kept off in the long-term.People will say eating breakfast is a good idea when you're trying to lose weight because it will keep you from binging later. But studies show that there's no protective effect from eating breakfast at all. People will say that eating more fruits and vegetables is a great way to lose weight. But studies show that on their own eating more of them without making other behavioral changes doesn't result in any weight loss. There's no magic to fruits and vegetables.Eatocracy: Chefs with Issues: Farm-to-table should still be on the tablePeople will say that snacking in between meals can lead to weight gain. But studies don't show that to be the case either. In general people compensate for snacking throughout the rest of the day. In other words it's not necessarily bad to snack outside of usual meal times.It's all enough to cause one to despair. But just because so much of what we believe is wrong doesn't mean we still can't do something about the issue.Studies do show that you can absolutely overcome genetic and familial factors to lose weight.They show that significant physical activity can help with weight loss and that it has the added bonus of making you healthier in general. Reducing your caloric intake works overall especially if it's done in a way to change your overall eating habits. Getting the whole family involved is important. And finally for some bariatric surgery can result in life-changing outcomes.Over the past five years my wife and I have lost quite a bit of weight. I'm down somewhere between 15% to 20% of my high of more than 200 pounds. My wife lost even more although I'm not going to give you any numbers (I like being married).Now that I look back if I'm going to be honest about it I did it in bursts over a few months here and there each time gaining back less than I had lost.7 weight loss myths (sort of) debunkedEach time I had ambitious goals of 15 pounds or more in two to three months and each time I really restricted my caloric intake. But I've kept the weight off by radically changing my overall eating habits.My breakfast consists of just coffee I eat very light lunches such as salads and dinner is usually a healthy home-cooked meal with the family. My wife cooks way more than she used to and is obsessed with finding ways to make meals healthier. I avoid fried foods almost entirely and I can't remember the last time I ate in a fast food restaurant. I also get to the gym two to three times each week.I don't tell you this because I think this is what you should do or because I think it's the key to getting thinner. I tell you this because more and more I think that the journey to sustained weight loss is a very personal and individual path. Perhaps our problem is we're trying to find a one-size-fits-all solution. I'm not sure that exists.Lastly what was left out of this new scientific paper was prevention. The single best way to fight obesity is to avoid it in the first place. That has to start when kids are young and it's a lifelong journey. But one thing I doubt will ever be proved false is that it's much easier not to gain the weight in the first place than to take it off later.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll. It's a truth of warfare in the digital era: Bullets and bombs often are augmented by status updates and tweets.The bloody conflict taking place in Iraq is no different. And Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or ISIS a terror group so extreme that al Qaeda has denounced it is taking the lead with a social media propaganda war the likes of which has never been seen.From recruiting fighters to spreading word of their violent attacks ISIS is taking to the Web in what analysts say is a more sophisticated manner than previous combatants.Perhaps as a result Iraqis have been reporting widespread outages of social sites a common refrain during recent unrest in the Middle East and elsewhere.CNN's Nick Paton-Walsh in Turkey interviewed a defector from ISIS who said he used to recruit Westerners for the cause through direct messages on Twitter.Opinion: Will ISIS brutality backfire?There was special treatment for the Europeans. One British guy said he was called Ibrahim, then told me he was from Manchester, said the man who said he left the movement after it killed two of his relatives. "One asked my boss if he should fight in his own country or come to Syria. He was told 'If God doesn't give you martyrdom in Syria' then he could wage war in his own country."The man now in hiding said he was part of a team that ran an online chat welcoming new recruits to ISIS.There are things I am allowed to answer and things I must ask my supervisor about, he said. "Specific questions about religion -- I have to get their permission to message anyone. I can't talk on Skype. Everything is written down so they can monitor everything."As the Islamist group's fight has moved from Syria to Iraq that savvy Web strategy has expanded to include online video posts much slicker than the grainy shaky clips that have popped up from al Qaeda and other terror groups.Recently a slickly produced hourlong ISIS video titled "The Clanging of the Swords" surfaced showcasing  killings roadside bombings and other acts of terror for which ISIS claimed credit.The video vividly displays these scenes in a style reminiscent of Hollywood efforts like "The Hurt Locker" and "Zero Dark Thirty complete with elaborate aerial shots.

This is funded said Nadia Oweidat, a Middle East analyst. This is geopolitics. There is money behind it. It's not just idiots; these idiots have somebody controlling them and providing them with equipment that is very expensive. You can't just get it in a cave."On another front at least one analyst says ISIS was recently using a mobile app made available in Google's Play Store to inflate its presence on social media. Called The Dawn of Glad Tidings or just Dawn the app was promoted as a way to keep up to date with news from ISIS. According to J.M. Berger editor of national-security blog IntelWire the Dawn app would post updates to users' Twitter feeds.By midafternoon Tuesday Google appeared to have removed the app from its store. Google did not immediately reply to a message seeking comment for this story.With the digital assault accompanying a ground offensive that saw ISIS fighting Tuesday just 40 miles north of Baghdad in the city of Baquba access to social media has been disappearing across much of Iraq.There has been no confirmation that the Iraqi government is behind a blackout. But both Facebook and Twitter have reported a precipitous drop in the number of people in Iraq using their products in the past few days.Users in #Iraq are reporting issues accessing our service. We're investigating their reports and we hope service will be restored quickly, Twitter said on its global policy team's account Friday.Facebook has issued a similar statement.We are disturbed by reports of access issues in Iraq and are investigating. Limiting access to Internet services — essential for communication and commerce for millions of people — is a matter of concern for the global community, read a Facebook statement sent to CNN.Facebook's internal numbers show that since June 12 the volume of visits to its site and apps were as low as 30% of their normal volume in Iraq. There are no technical problems on its end Facebook said.Web software firm Akamai reports that visits to Twitter in Iraq dramatically plummeted early Saturday. A Twitter spokesman said its internal traffic reports mirror Akamai's.Iraqis have increasingly turned to Whisper a mobile app that lets users post anonymous images in an apparent effort to get around the social-media issues. Neetzan Zimmerman Whisper's editor in chief told CNNMoney that Whisper usage in Iraq more than doubled between June 12 and June 15.During Arab Spring uprisings in places like Egypt and Iran as well as more recent conflicts in places like Syria unrest has been met with Internet outages and the blocking of social media sites. In virtually all cases the opposition has accused sitting governments who control their nation's Internet infrastructure of blocking access to make coordination more difficult and keep news of the conflicts from spreading.MAPS: Crisis in Iraq MARDAN Pakistan (CNN)  -- A family of 18 Pakistani men women and children trudges down a dirt road toward a refugee camp.These children are among the thousands of refugees this week at the Jalozai camp in western Pakistan.Adolescent girls carry infants on their hips while the men lug bundles of belongings on their backs.Come, stay close to me, said one woman wrapped in brightly colored robes speaking to three children trailing behind her.This one is empty, a white-bearded Pakistani police officer tells the family pointing toward a tent.The women and children scramble under the canvas flap as Salar Khan explains what led his family to flee to Mardan.Mortars destroyed three houses in my village, he said. "It was dangerous. A piece of shrapnel almost pierced my child's leg."Khan said his family left their home Wednesday morning in Sultanwas a town in Buner district.Now they are living in Mardan's rapidly growing tent city of more than 1400 other displaced Pakistanis. Five days ago it was an empty field.  Watch as CNN's Ivan Watson tours a refugee camp »Khan's family has joined tens of thousands of other Pakistanis fleeing south to escape the escalating conflict between the military and Taliban militants in northwestern Pakistan. Meanwhile columns of Pakistani troops in military trucks head in the opposite direction hauling field guns north toward the conflict zone.Pakistani families have fled the area any way they can: on foot by hitching rides on the back of trucks and by stowing their belongings on the roofs of cars.As fighting has spread from the districts of Buner and Lower Dir to the Taliban stronghold in the Swat Valley camps for displaced people are cropping up across northwest Pakistan.The United Nations said the new exodus is exacerbating an already existing humanitarian crisis. Since August the U.N. has registered more than 500000 Pakistanis forced to flee their homes by fighting in other northwestern parts of the country.Last year ... 4 million people worldwide lost their homes, out of which you have half a million displaced in Pakistan, said Manuel Bessler a top U.N. official in Islamabad.Bessler spoke on a rooftop overlooking the sprawling Jalozai refugee camp in western Pakistan.Until recently the camp housed refugees from neighboring Afghanistan. The Afghans are now gone replaced by more then 49000 Pakistanis.Administrators are preparing space for 35000 others. With help from U.N. agencies the Pakistani government and other aid organizations residents get access to medical care children's schools and training programs to teach them how to rebuild their damaged homes if and when they get to return.Tensions have been building in the Jalozai camp. Two months ago Pakistani police shot and killed one demonstrator after residents protested blocking roads throwing stones and demanding compensation for homes damaged by the fighting.This week a crowd of several hundred agitated men gathered at the entrance angry about a delay of several days in the monthly distribution of food aid. Some accused camp administrators of corruption allegations that aid workers have denied.The wheat we've been given is substandard, and people are getting sick instead of being fed, said one man named Gulzada.Our houses have been destroyed, said another man called Anwar. "There's no tea no sugar no wheat no lentils. All that we have are the clothes we are wearing."A fresh wave of displaced Pakistanis will only aggravate tensions said Bessler the U.N. official.This is a factor that is destabilizing not only in the camp but in the country as a whole, he warned.Only a fraction of the hundreds of thousands of displaced Pakistanis are ending up in camps. Many more have settled with host families or have resorted to paying rent in other cities.The influx of ethnic Pashtuns from northwest Pakistan upset the delicate demographic balance last month in the port city of Karachi. That led to ethnic clashes between Pashtuns and the resident Muhajir community resulting in the deaths of more than 30 people.Many more Pakistanis are unable to leave the conflict area according to Sebastian Brack a spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross in Islamabad.There is a serious humanitarian crisis under way, Brack said. "There is serious fighting going on. There will be massive displacement. Because of the curfew [many] have not been able to leave yet."In this moment of crisis some homeless Pakistanis are turning to a higher power.Whenever it is God's will, we will go back to our homes, says Mohammed Munir an elderly man who fled with his family from the Buner district to the new camp in Mardan three days ago. "And we pray to Allah that he will protect us. It's up to Allah. We can't do anything."The man kneeled and prayed in the grass outside the entrance of a tent that his family now calls home. ATLANTA Georgia (CNN) -- You are about to meet Mr. Brown.David Mann and Tamela Mann -- a real-life couple -- star in "Meet the Browns" as father and daughter.He's David Mann star of the TBS sitcom "Tyler Perry's Meet the Browns."To borrow a phrase from the network's marketing -- he's very funny.Mann's character -- "Downtown" Leroy Brown -- is a lovable sometimes outrageous and always off-the-wall senior citizen who has stolen every scene he's entered in Tyler Perry's plays movies and TV shows.Mr. Brown no longer has to steal scenes because TBS -- owned by CNN parent company Time Warner -- has ordered 80 episodes of half-hour comedy based on the success of 10 pilot episodes.Just in case I'm dreaming, don't pinch me, said Mann. "I'm living the dream."Meet the Browns is a spinoff of Perry's "House of Payne a sitcom that has yielded strong cable ratings for TBS, and it employs some of the same characters seen in Perry's movies and stage plays -- including a play and film named Meet the Browns which is only mildly related to the TV series.

The show focuses on Mr. Brown and his daughter Cora, played by Mann's real-life wife, Tamela Mann, as Mr. Brown tries to turn his house into a home for the elderly.

Those who have followed Perry's productions know that Cora was the conceived during a brief fling between Brown and Madea, Perry's female alter ego.

If it hadn't been for Cora Mr. Brown and Madea probably would have killed each other by now Mann said. Cora is the glue to this whole thing. Cora keeps everybody grounded."Mann said Mr. Brown's speech and mannerisms are from a combination of people.Grandfathers, uncles, relatives, you know, different friends you see. he said. "I use to go to a nursing home and just look at people watch -- 'OK that's how they're doing this.' "His biggest laughs come from his use -- or abuse -- of the English language which Mann refers to as "Mr. Brownisms."Manipulate becomes "manipudip while hypnotize transforms to hepatitis."You hear them as I spit them out, and it's just like, 'What was I thinking?'  Mann said.Mr. Brown's wardrobe which is always two sizes too small for his protruding belly is a bright-colored mix of thrift store specials.The clothes just kind of happened, he said. "Because you know you have that uncle or that relative in your family who just can't let the clothes go?"Since Mr. Brown originated on the stage -- in Perry productions -- Mann had to adjust to the small screen.I'm very animated and so I just had to make sure I toned that down for the screen because I'm so used to making sure that the person in the front row can see as well as the person in the balcony, he said. "To bring that and condense it down for television was a transition for me."Camera operators are challenged to keep up with Mann as he moves around the set sometimes re-writing the script.One word can trigger a whole different thing with us, and that's what I love about working with Tyler Perry, Mann said. "He gives you the freedom to go in there and create. If you see something that can make it funnier he gives you the liberty to go ahead and do it create it and make it funny."Perry directs every episode at his new Atlanta studio on a sound stage next to where he also tapes "House of Payne."Mr. Brown never seems too far from Mr. Mann.In mid-interview he emerges.Oh, he can come out any time, Mann speaking as Brown said. "All you got tuh do is say it and he'll come. Yeap Mr. Brown is always 'round somewhere. You jes' got tuh belieeeeeve."The character is played about 30 years older than Mann which causes some confusion out of costume and in public he said.What's funny is when people see me out they're like, 'Are you Mr. Brown's son?' No, I'm Mr. Brown, he said. "But that's good for the makeup team."Perhaps the most awkward time is when he is on the set dressed as Mr. Brown and he wants to show his wife Tamela Mann some husbandly affection.She is like, 'When you put that makeup on, you are Mr. Brown, you're not my husband.'  he said. "So she doesn't want me kissing on her and stuff. She says 'it's like a dirty old man kissing and hugging on me.' "You can also see Mr. Brown in "Tyler Perry's Madea Goes To Jail which hit theaters last month and has been a rousing success at the box office.

They finally got Madea Mann said. She's been to jail a few times but this time Madea goes to prison -- or as Mr. Brown would say 'prisnuh.' " London (CNN) -- Rupert Murdoch is the last of a dying breed: An old-fashioned press baron with ink running through his veins a hefty checkbook and a hunger for the next big story.Now aged 83 he has spent the past half century turning a business that began with one local Australian newspaper into a massive multimedia empire which spans the globe and includes TV online film and print interests.The phone-hacking scandal forced him to close the British tabloid that was his pride and joy News of the World and for a time even appeared to jeopardize his global empire valued by Forbes at $9.4 billion. It led the powerful businessman to submit himself for questioning by British politicians where he declared: "This is the most humble day of my life."But Murdoch bounced back from the crisis and he remains at the helm of his global empire. In 2013 News International the UK subsidiary of Murdoch's News Corp. was rebranded News UK while News Corp. itself split into two separate entities. News Corp. is now focused on publishing while 21st Century Fox encompasses television and film assets.This month Forbes estimated the net worth of Murdoch and his family at $14.5 billion adding that stocks from the two companies had boosted his worth by more than $2 billion in the past year.The same year Murdoch filed for divorce from his third wife Wendi Deng.Deng had grabbed headlines when she lunged to defend her husband from a pie-throwing intruder at a 2011 parliamentary hearing in London earning her the sobriquet "tiger wife." But speculation about the state of the couple's relationship had swirled for months before Murdoch's spokesman confirmed the divorce.One tweet fittingly declared that Murdoch had gone "from tabloid boss to tabloid prey."The media mogul was kept on the edge of the limelight from October 2013 when former employees went on trial for alleged phone hacking.The newspaper business is in Murdoch's blood. Born in Melbourne Australia in 1931 he was one of four children -- the only son -- of a celebrated journalist and his debutante-turned-philanthropist wife.His father Keith Murdoch was a reporter who exposed the horrific conditions experienced by Anzac troops fighting at Gallipoli in World War I and went on to manage a large newspaper company.I was raised in a newspaper family by a father who believed that the newspaper was among the most important instruments of human freedom, Murdoch declared in his 2008 Boyer Lectures.His mother Elisabeth was inspired to devote her life to "good works" as a schoolgirl. At the time of her death in 2012 aged 103 she remained a supporter of more than 100 charities and enjoyed an almost regal status in Australia.Murdoch was studying at Oxford when his father died in 1952.Mentored -- like his father -- by press baron Lord Beaverbrook he learned his trade as a reporter in Birmingham England and as a Â£10-a-week sub-editor at Beaverbrook's Daily Express in London before returning home to take charge of the family business.I found myself a newspaper proprietor at the age of 22, Murdoch said in 2008. "I was so young and so new to the business that when I pulled my car into the lot on my first day the garage attendant admonished me 'Hey sonny you can't park here.'"Despite his youth the new boss of the Adelaide News took to the job like a duck to water quickly getting embroiled in a newspaper war -- the first of many -- with local rival the Adelaide Advertiser.It cost a great deal, he said. "But it taught me that with good editors and a loyal readership you can challenge better-heeled and more established rivals -- and succeed."He was soon looking to expand the company: After buying up other local papers across the country in 1964 he set up Australia's first national newspaper The Australian and in 1969 moved overseas to purchase his first UK paper News of the World shortly followed by The Sun.The sensationalism and sex on the pages of some of his papers provoked shock and anger among his competitors on Fleet Street and earned Murdoch a number of less than complimentary nicknames.As Ian Hislop editor of British satirical magazine Private Eye told CNN: "[We have] referred to Murdoch as the Dirty Digger throughout his long career and it's not an accident; he does dig up dirt and then puts it in papers and sells it."His hunger for the latest scoops -- and his willingness to pay for them -- have ensured massive sales figures but have also caused controversy over the years from Christine Keeler's kiss-and-tell over the Profumo scandal to the "Hitler Diaries" (later revealed to be fakes) to O.J. Simpson's "If I Did It" book.That desire to be first with the big news has led some to question his methods -- even before the phone-hacking scandal.He ran close to what might be considered journalistic ethics, said Lou Colasuonno former editor-in-chief of the New York Post which Murdoch took over in 1976.I'm not saying he broke the law, I'm not saying he did anything illegal, but I am saying he's aggressive in getting stories.Print unionsThat aggression was evident in the mid-1980s when Murdoch by then the owner of London's Times and Sunday Times papers broke the stranglehold of the unions on the country's print industry.After months of plotting the media titan switched his operations from Fleet Street to Wapping in the east end of London and from hot metal to computerized systems overnight forcing hundreds of printers out of work.He was the man who tamed the print unions so that newspapers became incredibly profitable, said Martin Dunn former deputy editor of the Sun and News of the World.Those profits were plowed into Murdoch's growing Fox network of TV and film interests in the United States helping to create the corporate behemoth that is News Corp. which now also owns the influential Wall Street Journal America's largest circulation daily.The thrice-married father-of-six Murdoch has long been at the center of a frenzied succession debate -- something the current scandal only complicates. His oldest four children -- daughters Prudence and Elisabeth and sons Lachlan and James -- all have a say in the running of the company.His youngest daughters Grace (born 2001) and Chloe (born 2003) with Wendi Deng are both said to have a financial share in News Corp.Famously hands-on Murdoch has never shied away from getting stuck in -- whether tracking down a story or dictating the political direction of his papers.If I see things in the paper which I think are incorrect, I'll certainly point it out and say 'so-and-so made a mistake here,' or 'this wasn't as good a report as was in the opposition newspapers,' he told the makers of BBC documentary "Who's Afraid of Rupert Murdoch?" in 1981. "I ... have the right to insist on excellence."On the same program Robert Spitzler former managing editor of the New York Post said Murdoch's role went beyond commenting and suggesting.Rupert wrote headlines, Rupert shaped stories, Rupert dictated the leads of stories, he said. "Rupert was everywhere."In a 1968 television interview Murdoch admitted that he enjoyed the power his position gave him but -- in remarks that now seem more relevant than ever -- insisted: "We have more responsibility than power I think.A newspaper can create great controversies, stir up arguments within the community ... can throw light on injustices, just as it can do the opposite, can hide things and be a great power for evil.But even those who may be considered his enemies recognize Murdoch's business acumen.He's a dealmaker, he's a brilliant businessman, Michael White of the UK's Guardian newspaper which broke the hacking story told CNN. "He's a great strategic mind." (CNN) -- A former NFL player and his mother have been indicted in a scheme to steal more than $690000 by fraudulently obtaining five home equity loans in six days according to the New Jersey Attorney General's Office.Irving Fryar 51 and his mother Allene McGhee 72 were charged with second-degree conspiracy and theft by deception in New Jersey Superior Court Wednesday.The indictment alleges that Fryar schemed with McGhee to obtain five home equity loans totaling more than $690000 between December 16 and 21 2009 using McGhee's Willingboro home as collateral for all of the loans. The pair allegedly deceived five banks by acquiring the loans within six days and purposefully failing to disclose the existence of any other loans.The indictment further charges that McGhee's loan applications falsely claimed that she earned thousands of dollars a month as an event coordinator for her son's church New Jerusalem House of God in Burlington County. Fryar himself allegedly received or spent more than $200000 of the fraudulently obtained loan proceeds the attorney general's office said.Fryar and McGhee made only a few payments on four of the loans and those banks eventually wrote the loans off as losses authorities said.This is not a case in which Mr. Fryar and his mother simply omitted or misstated information on loan applications, said acting Attorney General John Hoffman. "This indictment alleges that they engaged in an elaborate criminal scheme that was designed to defraud these banks of hundreds of thousands of dollars."Neither Fryar nor McGhee responded to CNN's requests for comment. It is unclear whether either has hired an attorney.A court date has not yet been set according to the attorney general's office.Between 1984 and 2000 Fryar played for four NFL teams: the New England Patriots the Miami Dolphins the Philadelphia Eagles and the Washington Redskins. He is the head football coach at Robbinsville High School in Robbinsville New Jersey.CNN's Rob Frehse contributed to this report. Ohio inmate Dennis McGuire appeared to gasp and convulse for roughly 10 minutes before he died Thursday by lethal injection using a new combination of drugs reporters who witnessed it said.McGuire was convicted in 1994 of the rape and murder of 22-year-old Joy Stewart who was seven months pregnant. Her relatives were at Southern Ohio Correctional Facility in Lucasville to witness his death according to tweets from television reporter Sheila Gray.McGuire's "children and daughter-in-law were crying and visibly upset Gray tweeted.

She said McGuire, before the drugs took effect, thanked Stewart's family for a letter he apparently received.

To my children I'm sorry. I love you. I'm going to heaven and I'll see you there when you come McGuire reportedly said, according to CNN affiliate WDTN.

Columbus Dispatch reporter Alan Johnson said that the whole execution process took 24 minutes, and that McGuire appeared to be gasping for air for 10 to 13 minutes.

He gasped deeply. It was kind of a rattling guttural sound. There was kind of a snorting through his nose. A couple of times he definitely appeared to be choking WDTN quoted Johnson as saying.

The convicted murderer was pronounced dead at 10:53 a.m. ET.

The execution generated controversy because, like many states, Ohio has been forced to find new drug protocols after European-based manufacturers banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions -- among them, Danish-based Lundbeck, which manufactures pentobarbital.

According to Ohio's corrections department, the state used a combination of the drugs midazolam, a sedative; and the painkiller hydromorphone.

Both the length of time it took for McGuire to die and his gasping are not typical for an execution, said Howard Nearman, an anesthesiologist at University Hospitals Case Medical Center in Cleveland.

Why it took 24 minutes I really can't tell you he said. It just makes you wonder -- what was given? What was the timing and what were the doses?"In an opinion piece written for CNN this week a law professor noted that McGuire's attorneys argued he would "suffocate to death in agony and terror."The state disagrees. But the truth is that no one knows exactly how McGuire will die, how long it will take or what he will experience in the process, wrote Elisabeth A. Semel clinic professor of law and director of the Death Penalty Clinic at U.C. Berkeley School of Law.Speaking on behalf of McGuire's legal team attorney Allen Bohnert called on the governor to impose a moratorium on future executions because of what took place Thursday.At this point, it is entirely premature to consider this execution protocol to be anything other than a failed, agonizing experiment, he said in a statement.The people of the State of Ohio should be appalled at what was done here today in all of our names. Ohio, like its citizens, must follow the law. The state has failed.CNN's Sonny Hostin said that McGuire's execution will likely spark debate over whether how inmates react to the use of the drugs constitutes cruel and unusual punishment prohibited by the U.S. Constitution.Whenever there's a change in the lethal injection process clearly it's subject to legal proceedings and perhaps we will see those, Hostin said.Ohio ran out of pentobarbital which is a narcotic and sedative barbiturate in September according to JoEllen Smith spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction.In response to that shortage the department amended its execution policy to allow for the use of midazolam and hydromorphone.Stewart's body was discovered by hikers near a creek in southwestern Ohio in February of 1989. Her throat was cut and she had been sodomized.Death penalty states scramble for lethal injection drugsThere are currently 138 men and one woman on death row in Ohio.The state was set to execute death row inmate Ron Phillips using the new drug combination last year but Gov. John Kasich granted the convicted killer a stay of execution pending a review of a possible organ donation to his family members.Death penalty in the U.S. gradually decliningSerial killer Joseph Franklin executed after hours of delayA death row interview BUCKLIN Kansas (CNN) -- Rob Sellard's young wheat field is a stark reminder that no matter how bad the economy farmers are always at nature's mercy.Rob Sellard and his wife Sylvia farm 14000 acres or about 22 square miles in Kansas.The fact is we don't have any moisture right now, and when we hit some warm days this wheat will deteriorate very rapidly, Sellard told CNN during a visit in March pointing to places where the green wheat was starting to die from lack of rain.Without moisture this wheat is going to continue to die, he said.Add in the high costs of planting last fall -- the spike in oil prices drove up the price of petroleum-based fertilizers fuel and chemicals -- and the chances of making a profit this year look bleak.Four or five years ago, we were buying $350 to $400 a ton fertilizer. This wheat crop here, when we fertilized last August or September, fertilizer was $1,100, Sellard says.Even if we had a decent crop, even if we cut it decently, this wheat crop will be in the red.  Watch as Sellard examines the dry soil »For generations the Sellards have farmed near Bucklin Kansas. Rob and his wife Sylvia now farm a whopping 14000 acres -- nearly 22 square miles.Recent years have been good to the Sellards and other farmers. 2008 saw record wheat prices and the Sellards also raise Black Angus cattle -- the ones that make those tasty steaks that corporate execs once spent so lavishly on.But cattle production like the economy is also suffering.  Learn more about what affects farm costs »With the fears on Wall Street, people have stopped eating out so much, he says. "Less beef is sold. Foreign countries they are struggling too because of everything that has happened so we don't have the exports."Exports are slowly improving and farmers such as the Sellards do have the option of hanging on to their prized cattle until prices improve. Likewise they can sit on their wheat harvest and hope prices go up -- although they'll have to pay to store the grain.Grain prices are low compared with last season when record prices helped some farmers make a good profit in Kansas and across the country.According to the Kansas State University agricultural extension office Kansas wheat sold for an average of $10.50 a bushel at its peak in 2008 -- largely a result of changing supply and demand. From 1999 to 2006 the average price was $3.16 a bushel. As of this week wheat was selling for $5.39 a bushel at a local grain elevator in Bucklin in southwestern Kansas.Sellard says that despite last year's high prices not everyone made lots of money.You can read all you want, the sensationalism of high prices a year ago, he says. "I don't know of very many people around here who got $10 or $11 wheat. In most people's case when the grain started going up they sold it at $5 $6 ." By the time prices hit $11 few farmers had any wheat left to sell.Still Kelly Estes -- president of BTI Inc. Bucklin Tractor & Implement the local John Deere dealership -- has seen farmers with money to spend.I think that farmers for the most part up our way, there is no question that net income has increased the last two years significantly to what it was, due to the commodity prices going up to what they did, he says.Estes has sold out of 2009 model farm equipment much of which sells for more than a quarter-million dollars. Business has been so good that Estes is looking to hire more employees -- and he says the agricultural sector might be one answer to unemployment.There is a real opportunity for even city kids that want to come out and work in rural North America, he says. "They are laying people off in the cites that might have opportunities here."Estes however says he does worry about the impact of the economic downturn on rural America as the effects of the recession start to hit home.You know it always starts on the East Coast and West Coast and it kind of comes in. By the time it gets here we are hoping that the tidal wave is [reduced to] a ripple effect.He already has seen sales of used tractors slow. "For us '09 looks good '08 was fantastic; '10 is a more cautious year for us. There is no question. Just due to what Mother Nature is doing due to what the economy is doing."Kraig Lindsay says things also have slowed at the Offerle Cooperative Grain Elevator in Bucklin which he manages.There is less consumption going on, so [the grain is] not going to be moving out of here, he says. Some farmers are waiting holding onto their grain hoping for prices to go back up.So how will farmers and those who rely on them survive?We are concerned, Sellard says. "But we hope in the good years we've saved up enough equity that we can go the next year. ... [that] we haven't blown it all in one year." LIMA Peru (CNN) -- The government of Peru on Friday declared a state of emergency in a remote northern area after a clash between police and indigenous people protesting what they say is the exploitation of their native lands left a number of people dead.Alberto Pizango a leader of the protesters says his followers did not kill police officers.Police and indigenous protesters said separately that at least eight police and 22 protesters died.The clash took place at dawn outside the northern province of Bagua in the Department of Amazonas as police attempted to break up a roadblock on the 59th day of protests.Foreign Minister Jose A. Garcia Belaunde told CNN en Español that the state of emergency was ordered to give the government the opportunity to re-establish order and reopen talks with the protesters.Under the state of emergency the army can be called on to maintain order. "Look the use of force is legitimate he said. Today what we have received in response were gunshots -- directed at police helicopters killing eight or nine police."But Alberto Pizango the principal leader of the indigenous group said his followers could not have been responsible for killing any police because they were armed only with stones and arrows.He said the demonstrators had been pursuing a peaceful protest.Authorities have not confirmed the number of civilian deaths.The director general of the police Jose Sanchez Farfan said government buildings in Bagua had been looted and set aflame.Though a congressional commission has recommended the repeal of the laws rejected by the native communities President Alan Garcia supports those that allow using the lands maintaining that the richness of the Amazon belongs to all Peruvians and that a significant percentage of natural areas are already protected.These people don't have crowns, he said about the protesters. "These people aren't first-class citizens who can say -- 400000 natives to 28 million Peruvians -- 'You don't have the right to be here.' No way. That is a huge error."Garcia called Pizango a criminal. Several days ago Garcia announced an arrest warrant had been issued for Pizango who is accused of inciting his followers to violence.Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this story from Lima. Philip Seymour Hoffman's last wish for his son was that he grow up in New York Chicago or San Francisco according to the late actor's will.Hoffman who died of a heroin overdose earlier this month left his entire estate to "friend and companion" Mimi O'Donnell who is the mother of his three children according to the document released by the Manhattan Surrogate's Court Wednesday.It was signed by Hoffman in October 2004 when his son Cooper now 10 was just a year old and before daughters Tallulah and Willa were born.It is my strong desire, and not direction to my guardian, that my son, Cooper Hoffman be raised and reside in or near the borough of Manhattan in the State of New York, or Chicago Illinois, or San Francisco, California, Hoffman stated in the 13-page will.That provision was in a section that applied only if O'Donnell was not living at the time of his death and if a guardian was to be appointed for his children.If living in his preferred three cities was not possible Hoffman requested that his son at least visit there twice a year.The purpose of this request is so that my son will be exposed to the culture, arts and architecture that such cities offer, Hoffman's will said.Noticeably absent from his list is Los Angeles given Hoffman's fame as a Hollywood actor.Hoffman named O'Donnell as his estate's trustee and executrix of his will.Hoffman 46 was found on the bathroom floor of his apartment a needle in his arm. He was pronounced dead at the scene.Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment law enforcement sources said. They also found used syringes prescription drugs and empty plastic bags of a type commonly used to hold drugs the sources said.Hoffman who was nominated for Academy Awards four times won the Oscar for best actor in 2006 for his portrayal of writer Truman Capote in "Capote." He earned Academy Award nominations for roles in "Charlie Wilson's War Doubt and The Master." London England (CNN) -- British police questioned four members of the Pakistani national cricket team after allegations surfaced that gamblers fixed part of a match against England the manager of the Pakistani team said Sunday.They arrested a different man in connection with the allegations late Saturday.The investigation comes after a British tabloid newspaper reported that two Pakistani players deliberately bowled "no balls" -- a foul -- while playing against England in London last week.A "no ball" is when the bowler -- the equivalent of a pitcher in baseball -- steps over the line as he throws the ball. The batting team gets a run when that happens.A chance lost for Pakistan's cricketers?The British tabloid News of the World posted what it said was a video of an undercover reporter meeting with a man identified as Mazhar Majeed who tells the reporter exactly which bowlers would bowl "no balls" and when then lays out 14 thick stacks of bills on a table.The video of the meeting -- which the newspaper said took place Wednesday the day before the match between Pakistan and England began -- is intercut with clips from the following two days where the players perform as Majeed said they would.The tabloid also says the alleged ringleader pocketed 150000 British pounds (U.S. $232800) in the scam.London's Metropolitan Police said a 35-year-old man was arrested late Saturday on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud bookmakers.A source familiar with the investigation named him as Mazhar Majeed.Without identifying the suspect by name London police said Sunday in a brief statement that the 35-year-old man was released on bail "until a date in the future." No date for a hearing or further proceedings was given in the statement.No players or team officials have been arrested the International Cricket Council said Sunday.But police questioned team captain Salman Butt manager Yawar Saeed and two other players Saeed told reporters Sunday.He did not name the other two players at the news conference but Britain's Press Association earlier reported that he had said they were bowlers Mohammad Aamer and Mohammad Asaf.Police refused to confirm to CNN who was being questioned.Team captain Butt said Pakistan gave 100 percent throughout a match.We have given our best, Butt said after his team lost to England.The team manager refused to comment on the report that Pakistani players intentionally committed three fouls during thematch.No allegations are true until they are proved either way, said Saeed. "So that this point in time they are just allegations. Let's wait until the case is complete."England beat Pakistan in the four-day match at Lord's cricket ground which ended Sunday afternoon after the scandal broke.Pakistan's President Asif Ali Zardari ordered an investigation into the scandal his spokesman said Sunday.He directed the chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board to submit a preliminary report "immediately Farhatullah Babar said, adding that Zardari asked to be kept informed about any British investigations as well.

Sam Peters, News of the World's cricket correspondent, told CNN that the tabloid did not drive these events ... These events were going to happen regardless of whether the News of the World was involved."But he said staffers believed the story was in the public interest. "It's a legitimate story to get to the bottom of something that's been plaguing our sport he said. ... It's swirled around and the innuendo's been there."People need to know this is going on, he said "what they're watching when they're paying money to go to sports events ... it's not always what they believe it to be."However Shakil Shaikh president of the Islamabad Regional Cricket Association told CNN that while he is "shocked" at the news "no proof has been given of the involvement of these players in the match-fixing issue" and he has seen no concrete evidence against the cricketers.He said if evidence does surface an investigation will be launched.It is the second allegation of corruption directed at the Pakistan cricket team this year.The International Cricket Council's anti-corruption unit was set up in response to allegations against the captains of Pakistan India and South Africa in 2000. All three were banned from the game for life.News of the World does not allege that gamblers fixed the results of the match -- only that specific moments in the match were fixed a practice known as "spot-fixing" rather than "match-fixing."Betting on cricket matches is legal in England.International and local cricket officials will not be issuing further comment "as this is now subject to a police investigation the council said in a statement.

A Metropolitan Police spokesman told CNN the arrest came in response to information provided by the newspaper.

Andrew Miller, a cricket expert and the U.K. editor for ESPN's Cricket website, told CNN on Sunday morning that since a major scandal involving match fixing between India and South Africa in 2000, things appear not to have changed much.

What we're discovering is that corruption has never gone away Miller said via telephone from London. It's resurfacing this year -- during the 10th anniversary of the biggest scandal ever to hit cricket."Miller said though it remains to be proven it appears this newest scandal could be on par with the scandal from 10 years ago. He added that cricket's many aspects of play and rules make it susceptible to betting. And in a five-day test match such as the one under way between Pakistan and England at the Lord's cricket ground there are a lot of possibilities for placing bets that players can manipulate.If you were going to invent a game that you could corrupt -- it would be cricket because you can bet on every aspect of the game, he continued.For example there are up to 2700 deliveries per game and if a gambler were to plop down $10000 on the 827th delivery predicting it correctly the payoff for that particular bet could be handsome.We believe this is really huge, and could be affecting other areas of cricket, Peters said.The News of the World report was co-authored by Mazher Mahmood a controversial figure in British journalism who has exposed several previous scams. He was responsible for a report in May that revealed Duchess of York Sarah Ferguson offered to sell access to her former husband Prince Andrew.According to the UK Press Association the tabloid's reporters were able to gain access to the alleged ring by posing as "Far Eastern businessmen."CNN's Richard Allen Greene Phil Black Caroline Paterson Bharati Naik Les Neuhaus and Andreena Narayan contributed to this report. Below is an excerpt from CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta's new book  "Cheating Death: The Doctors and Medical Miracles that Are Saving Life Against All Odds" published by Wellness Central an imprint of Grand Central Publishing. The following is from Chapter Two: A Heart-Stopping Moment:Cheating Death: The Doctors and Medical Miracles that Are Saving Lives Against All Odds, just hit store shelves.And he went up and lay upon the child and put his mouth upon his mouth and his eyes upon his eyes and his hands upon his hands: and stretched himself upon the child; and the flesh of the child waxed warm.-- 2 Kings 4:34 KJVMike Mertz was driving home an hour after finishing his run as a school bus driver in Glendale Arizona. He told me he doesn't remember why he didn't come straight home from work that day. He thinks that maybe he went for a jog. A trim fifty-nine years old Mertz enjoyed a two- or three-mile run several days a week. Maybe he was looking for a cheaper gas station than the one on his usual route or was just trying to avoid taking his Saturn over a nasty set of new speed bumps. Whatever the reason whatever route he wandered it brought Mertz not to the usual entrance of his townhome complex but the back driveway. The change in routine may have saved his life.Corey Ash a UPS driver was making deliveries that Wednesday afternoon when he heard a terrible engine noise. Thinking the sound was underneath his own hood he pulled over. Hopping out Ash immediately realized that it was coming from a Saturn almost directly across the street.It was an accident scene. The small silver car was piled up against a palm tree the engine revving at top speed. The only thing keeping it in place was a stucco wall a few feet from the tree; the car was wedged between the two. Racing over Ash could see that the driver had his eyes closed and seemed to be unconscious. The driver's foot was wedged against the accelerator. Ignoring the chance that the car might break free and crush him Ash reached across the slumped body and turned off the ignition. He dragged Mertz out of the car and laid him on the ground. After dialing 911 Ash started CPR the way he'd learned during an Air National Guard training exercise just two months before.As he listened to the ambulance siren racing up the road from Glendale Fire Station 154 barely a mile away Ash began to pump hard on Mertz' chest. Studies show that when a bystander jumps in the chances of survival in a cardiac arrest case increase exponentially. Even though it may not seem like you are accomplishing much simply pushing the heart and circulating the blood can make a tremendous difference. Mertz had that going for him but he was also fortunate to have collapsed in Glendale. Paramedics there are at the forefront of a revolution in emergency care. With a few simple measures -- going against the grain of the medical establishment -- they have found that they can radically improve the odds of surviving a cardiac arrest.The fire engine pulled up with a screech and a brawny firefighter named Ruben Florez jumped to the curb. As fellow firefighters scrambled down Florez thumped an urgent rhythm on Mertz' chest two hundred compressions over two minutes before a medic stepped in and delivered an electric shock from the paddles of a defibrillator. Win a signed copy of Dr. Gupta's bookThen came another two hundred compressions then shock two hundred compressions then shock. Finally after six hundred thumps and three defibrillator shocks a weak pulse returned. Mertz was back from the dead. At no point was mouth-to-mouth resuscitation performed and at no point did Mike Mertz get a breath. Surprisingly that may be the real reason he survived.In reality survival from cardiac arrest outside the hospital is rare. Until very recently Arizona was in line with the rest of the country -- only about 2 percent of the victims pulled through without long-term damage. But in 2005 cities around Arizona began doing something new. It went against the guidelines of the American Medical Association and the teaching practices of major medical schools and hospitals. This new method didn't look like the CPR that had been taught in every YMCA firehouse school and church ever since the 1970s. In short it was a radical experiment.The experiment sprang from two lines of thinking: animal studies aimed at modifying CPR technique and a public health effort to train more people in CPR. If your heart gives out while you're walking down the street the number-one thing that can save your life is to have a bystander who is not only trained in CPR  but willing to help. Unfortunately such help is rare. Published studies put the rate of bystander CPR at around 20 percent. If you dig deep the number really has nothing to do with the lack of desire. Instead study after study shows people are apprehensive about putting their mouth on someone else's and maybe catching an infection from someone who's on the ground dying.Now the reluctance can be overcome. In Seattle which has run massive training programs and public education campaigns since the 1970s the rate of CPR assistance from bystanders is close to 50 percent. That one fact gets much of the credit for the city's high survival rate from cardiac arrest. In recent years a driving goal of the American Heart Association has been to encourage more members of the public to jump in and help. But how? There was simply no getting around mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. Or was there?Excerpted from "Cheating Death by Sanjay Gupta, M.D. Copyright © 2009 by Sanjay Gupta, M.D. Used by permission of Wellness Central, an imprint of Grand Central Publishing. All rights reserved.

 Editor's note: Bishop T.D. Jakes is founder and senior pastor of The Potter's House of Dallas Texas a multiracial nondenominational church with more than 50 outreach ministries.Bishop T.D. Jakes says the church must sound the alarm to wake America from its slumber.(CNN) -- The blood-washed church for which Jesus died is not relegated to one group or another nor is it held hostage by politics or ethnicity. It is a breathing living testament to God's love and grace. It serves its community where it is located and is aware of the needs and nuances of that community. However its relevance and vision must go beyond its community and reach the world for which Christ died.Today as the church moves from its introspective posture to a broader role in politics business media and impacting societal ills it has the dubious and daunting task of doing so without losing its core function. Like all such organizations that cease to be intrinsically focused it runs the risk of being totally misunderstood and misaligned.I have listened and watched the events of the last few days with great disappointment as the church and the so-called African-American church in particular has been painted rather negatively with a broad wide-ranging brush. I personally wish the distinctions of the church by ethnicity would one day become an antiquated idea. But this will require more people moving from a segregated worship experience. Until then the church is becoming increasingly bruised by those who seek to move it from its core principles and make it an instrument of division rather than a catalyst for unity!To say the current picture in the media of the institution that I have loved all of my life is less than flattering would be an understatement. And because I know that many Americans unfortunately do not venture outside of the comfort of their own groups for worship the only understanding some will have of who we are is based largely on sound bites and media portrayals. I want to set the record straight!I am afraid that once again our churches will be victimized by stereotypical ideas and opinions that are based in whole or in part by the extreme and not the norm.The church I have read about in the media -- a church filled with divisiveness a lack of tolerance for other ethnic groups a church not focused on helping the downtrodden and less fortunate a church filled with hostility -- does not remotely resemble the churches that I grew up around and have loved for more than 50 years.Most if not all predominantly African-American church doors are open to all not just to blacks but to anyone who is seeking a spiritual home guidance support direction faith and a feeding of the soul in the purest sense. Many of us have worked with other organizations different cultures and denominations believing that there is more to unite us than there is to divide us.The African-American church I know is filled with programs designed to address the many ills that inflict our society: HIV/AIDS homelessness reducing the rate of recidivism assisting with employment and job training economic development and financial management classes home buying seminars food banks to feed the hungry schools to educate and an active plan to guide our youth. Those outreaches have been colorblind passionate depictions of Christ's love for all humanity!The predominantly African-American church may be founded by an African American it may be led on Sunday by an African American but as you look through the crowd of these beacons of hope and faith you will see an increasing audience that is much more reflective of our world than many would have you to believe. White black Hispanic Asian -- nationalities from all across the world come together -- some to visit our churches to enjoy our music and ministers and still others are gradually starting to join our churches. Gradually race fades into the fabric of faith and becomes less central to the overarching core of human needs in general. Is it a perfect union? Of course not. Is there work to do? Absolutely! But the core message is not one that enrages but one that encourages people to change and grow and any other depiction is distorted and inaccurate.The Potter's House though largely African-American is composed of 20 different nationalities and growing in diversity. It is designed much the same way Sen. BarackObama has built his campaign: on a strong commitment to reconciliation the admonition for unity and strong desire for the continuation of diversity instead of exclusion.While I have not endorsed any candidate who can ignore the hunger of Americans for change? No matter who your political choice may be it is hard to remain ambivalent to the tone that Obama sounded igniting a national response from people of all walks of life crowding into stadiums openly weeping -- like they were in church -- at the very idea of a nation that reflects the best of our ideals; not the divisive ranting and bickering that may drive up ratings but threaten the cannibalization of our dreams and the demolition of our hopes.As a child I grew up in a neighborhood back in West Virginia where blacks and whites helped each other in times of need and despair. Now that I am in Dallas Texas I have seen our city struggle to its feet in times of dire desperation. I was there when the buses came in to the Reunion Arena in Dallas loaded with mostly people of color who were hungry weak and tired and needing human dignity. They were unloaded -- covered with the stench of the atrocities of the superdome in New Orleans. I saw blacks whites and Hispanics driving up with bags of clothes and food and crying together trying to accommodate whomever they could wherever they could. This is the America I want my grandson to grow up in.I am wondering who will get the message that our nation's citizens are by and large looking for a voice that will unite us clothe our naked feed the poor and help our diminishing middle class before we self-destruct like many great empires of the past. Who cares what color they are what banner they fly what gender they are or how they pronounce their names? This is a defining moment in our history and we are about to destroy greatness with petty self- aggrandizing egotism!I implore you to not take the words of a few and depict the thoughts hearts and motives of many. At the end of the day Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. proved with his nonviolent approach that hate-filled words will not liberate anyone. To be sure there is still work to do to defeat racism and to attain justice in our country for all. We continue to need someone who will hold us accountable to our best practices and not our worst. But there is no liberation without love no prosperity without philanthropy and no hope if the church becomes immersed in the quagmire of pettiness.As an American I plead with you that we are running out of time. It is critical that we dislodge ourselves from political distractions. We must return to the task of looking for the right man or woman who can answer the bloodcurdling cry of a nation that is in search of a leader with a courageous effective plan for the war in Iraq and the medical moral economic and security issues that are being ignored by these distractions. If we do not we will have done a terrible disservice to our coming generations.The Bible said that while good men slept evil ones came and planted tare a noxious weed among the wheat! The tare of a hate-filled church image is a tactical distraction planted to divert our attention from choosing our next president. Let's get back to listening for leadership strategies from our best and brightest before there is no country left to lead. My hope is that the church remains a vibrant part of our process sounding the alarm that warns: America please wake up out of our sleep! E-mail to a friend The debate over the "Redskins" name in sports isn't just at the professional level.Students at an Oklahoma City high school were refusing to go into Capitol Hill High School on Wednesday morning because their mascot no longer has the controversial name according to CNN affiliate KOCO.Dozens of students stood on the lawn outside the building rather than heading into class.The city's public school board voted Monday to change the name in response to Native American students' feelings that the mascot name was offensive. The vote to change the mascot which has been in place since the 1920s was unanimous.School administrators will immediately start phasing out the Redskins mascot and will create a committee of current and former students and community members to pick a new mascot before the end of the spring semester spokeswoman Tierney Tinnin said in a statement according to The Oklahoman.In the NFL Washington Redskins football team owner Dan Snyder has repeatedly defended his team's use of the name and wrote in a March letter that the name "captures the best of who we are and who we can be by staying true to our history and honoring the deep and enduring values our name represents."The support of a handful of Oklahoma City high school students isn't likely to help Snyder's cause. President Barack Obama said last year that he might change the name if he were the team owner.In June the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office found that six team trademarks were offensive and canceled them. The team appealed and the patent office ruled that the Redskins could use the logos until the years-long appeals process was complete.The National Congress of American Indians has spoken out against the use of "Redskins" and other Native American mascots. (CNN) -- We celebrate Veterans Day this week but we have been riding a crest of war remembrance for months now. World War I's centenary alone has brought forth new books -- histories of that war based on historical documentation and letters unearthed in family and state archives. We look anew at the inscriptions on tombs of known and unknown soldiers and posters from the past whose propagandistic messages shout at us across the divide of time.Opinion: How a century-old war affects youBut in the midst of this flood of words an equally significant and telling aspect of the Great War has been largely overlooked: the place of silence in and around the conflict.World War I may call to mind the written word -- the harrowing verses of Wilfred Owen or the prose of Erich Maria Remarque whose "All Quiet on the Western Front" rendered war's raw brutality. But the experiences of the years 1914-1918 in fact enshrined the notions that language cannot adequately express the experience of combat that the veteran will often remain silent about war even to his or her own family that the speech of soldiers -- the euphemisms and slang used on the battlefield the coded communications used after among veterans -- leaves out as much as it reveals.Opinion: When the flu wiped out millionsThis notion of war as an inaccessible space may seem almost antiquated today when civilian smartphones and video cameras produce a continual feed of chaotic combat situations. But much of what goes on in military operations remains unknown to those who were not there. The connections between silence and war still hold among soldiers-- for reasons of security censorship military culture and enduring mechanisms of human psychology.Opinion: The mighty women of World War IIn 2014 as in 1914 many veterans keep quiet about what are their most life-changing experiences. There is for one thing the trauma; there is also the desire to protect one's family. There is guilt over killing -- and guilt over surviving. And there is the sheer difficulty of how to explain it: how to put an exceptional state into everyday language.Opinion: How World War I gave us 'cooties'World War I was a watershed in this regard modeling during the course of the conflict what could and could not be said about war by combatants. Some silences were strategic: Soldiers knew their communications home would be censored and it was unwise to appear defeatist or unpatriotic by conveying the horrors of the battlefield.Opinion: The promise World War I couldn't keepOthers refused speech as a way of respecting the war experience of fallen comrades. War poetry is vocal on the need for restraint to counter the rhetoric of heroism produced by those far from the front. In his 1915 poem "When You See Millions of the Mouthless Dead Charles Hamilton Sorley scorned the use of soft words" about those who could not speak back: "Say only this 'They are dead.' /Then add thereto /'Yet many a better one has died before.'..."Opinion: The 'bionic men' of World War IMost combatants could not come up with the words soft or hard to communicate to those back home what lay around them: carnage on an unprecedented scale. With many new weapons and others used on a mass scale for the first time in history World War I inaugurated a new human experience of battle and devastating new injuries.Even the educated felt that language failed them to convey the sights and smells of bodies rent by machine gun fire devastated by bombs from the air blistered from gas or paralyzed by shell shock. "I cannot find words to translate my impressions. Hell cannot be so terrible wrote the French lieutenant Alfred Joubaire in his diary, unable to draw comparisons with any known reality.

Opinion: War: What is it good for? Art!

The writings, drawings and other artifacts that flowed from the front grappled not only with the question of how to rise to these expressive challenges, but whether it is even possible to communicate this new reality to the noncombatant.

Opinion: Should nations pay the price for their leaders' misdeeds?

Henri Barbusse reflected on this futility in his 1916 novel Under Fire which originated from notes taken during his time at the front. It'll be no good telling about it eh? They wouldn't believe you ... no one can know it. Only us remarks one soldier. No not even us not even us! another responds. We've seen too much to remember ... We're not made to hold it all."Traumatic repression the veterans' despair at being understood the affirmation of a special bond of knowledge and experience among comrades -- all familiar struggles from our modern wars. They are all here in 1916 -- violence of a scope that exceeded comprehension. Indeed Barbusse's scene ends with the rueful reflection that this war was something "you can't give a name to."Opinion: The promise World War I couldn't keepBoth the modern figure of the literary witness and the modern figure of the mute veteran emerged from this early 20th-century conflagration -- as with Barbusse they were often one and the same - and with them the notion of war as something too overwhelming to tell.Opinion: How World War I gave us dronesOf course this situation was not unique to the Great War. A study released in August by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs which reveals the prolonged post-traumatic stress among Vietnam veterans -- home from war for 40 years now -- reminds us of that.Opinion: How World War I gave us dronesAnd so it's fitting that from 1919 onward World War I's November 11th Armistice has been marked in many countries through two minutes of silence and has been expanded to include the veterans of all wars.The words of World War I can enlighten us about the conflict 100 years later. But the spaces of silence around the din of all wars can tell us much about war's toll on those who wage it -- in 2014 as in 1914.Photo blog: WWI: The Golden Age of postcards (CNN) -- The major tunnel between Windsor Ontario and Detroit was scheduled to reopen at 5 p.m. ET Thursday following a shutdown because of a bomb threat Windsor police said.Police "fully inspected" the tunnel before reopening it Windsor authorities said.The bomb threat led to traffic backups as drivers on both sides of the border were rerouted.Employees at the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel received an anonymous phone call around 12:30 p.m. from someone saying there was a bomb in the tunnel Sgt. Matthew D'Asti with Windsor police told HLN.Authorities were working together on both sides of the border to investigate and search the tunnel for any possible device D'Asti said.Neal Belitsky president and CEO of Detroit-Windsor Tunnel said the threat was called in to the Canadian side.Authorities treated the matter "as a nonspecific anonymous bomb threat said D'Asti. The tunnel was evacuated.

The tunnel is one of two international crossings between the cities of Windsor and Detroit.

Traffic was being routed to the other, a bridge about two miles away.

Approximately 27,000 to 29,000 vehicles pass daily through the tunnel, which opened in 1930.

The Coast Guard said it set up a safety zone in the Detroit River in order to keep vessels away from the tunnel.

CNN's Chandler Friedman, Devon Sayers and Michael Martinez contributed to this report.

 Thirty miles from Hong Kong's Disneyland park a small fishing village offers a contrasting view of the city's past.Located in the southwest corner of Lantau Hong Kong's largest island Tai O is connected to the outside world via a narrow mountain road.  It has a view contrary to expectations for one of the world's most crowded cities: There are no skyscrapers no neon signs or real estate companies. The few shops in village close at 5 p.m. when the nightlife on Hong Kong Island has yet to spark.In recent years tourists have been flocking to Tai O to glimpse this part of Hong Kong's rapidly disappearing past. But when they arrive they are greeted by a placard at the bus station decrying: "Mass development will destroy Tai O."It's a sign of the times: Even as tourists boost the coffers of a local economy once dependent on fishing villagers are deeply ambivalent about the hordes of visitors encroaching on their seaside hamlet.We are going to lose our distinctive way of life and identity if no one protests against the government plan, said lifelong Tai O resident Wang Waking 51 who runs the Tai O culture workshop. "I am afraid that the commercially-driven plan is going to turn Tai O into another resort."Villagers like Wang are torn by government plans to add fountains sculptures and a stage next to the temple to Tin Hau where generations of fishermen prayed for safety before sailing. The government's US$100 million "Revitalize Tai O" project will also replace patches of wetland by boardwalks and a new plaza will rise near the dock. The project is scheduled to be completed later this year according to the Hong Kong's Civil Engineering and Development Department spokesperson Carol Ho.Original plans called for tearing down all the village's distinctive stilt houses but was curtailed after protests by villagers.While the redevelopment celebrates Tai O's seafaring heritage -- in 1960 villagers caught 30% of all seafood sold in Hong Kong according to the book "Tai O History" -- it comes in the wake of a 2012 Hong Kong law banning of commercial trawling.That move was applauded by environmentalists but decried by local fishers. "It wrecks my heart to see fishermen forced to sell their large trawlers said a local fisherman surnamed Wong, who says he catches 70% less after the ban.  Wong, who sells homemade shrimp paste, now must import shrimp from mainland China.

Tai O is separated from the rest of Hong Kong by steep, rocky hills. Before 1990, the only way to get to Tai O was by boat. Permits to drive on the town's single road are only granted to villagers and public buses. A sense of isolation still pervades the village's tight-knit community, which many locals say they are keen to keep to themselves. As visitors are drawn to the Venice-like village with homes largely built on stilts, the pathways are dotted with signs warning Private Property" and "No Entry." To circumvent the signs tour guides now row tourists on boat down the river and having a look at the houses from the water.Besides tourism real estate development could change the fortunes of the town as Hong Kong has one of the world's most expensive real estate markets. Yet villagers say they are actively working to keep property among themselves.I can't tell you how many people are interested in our house, said resident Ines Wong. But villagers do all their real estate business by word of mouth to keep outsiders out of the property market Wong said.The fact is that outsiders don't know where to buy property at Tai O. And even if demand for Tai O property is high, local people tend to sell to locals, she said.Wong 24 grew up in Tai O but like many other young people here was forced to find work in other parts of the city. She eventually moved to Kowloon which sits across Victoria Harbor from Hong Kong Island where she started working for a large bank. While she found it hard to leave her home she said she had little choice.Tai O has no job market at all. I don't see what I can do. Selling salt fish with a degree in marketing?While Wong decries the impact of tourism many of her peers who still live in Tai O welcome the government tourism plan.We are one of the oldest communities in Hong Kong. If Tai O has nothing to offer to its young residents, it may become a dead town in a few years, said Paul Lieu 30-year-old local resident.Lieu landed on a job as a tourist guide last year. He makes 30% less than a similar job in other parts of Hong Kong but he enjoys the commute-free work. Before tourists poured in the only local job Lieu could find was temporary construction work. Now young people start small business like transforming their stilt homes into guesthouses or waterfront cafés.I think Tai O has lost part of its unique character with all the development going on. But that the price we pay to get a better life and to help this community to survive, he said.For Wang the changes are attacking a way of life.Tai O people have deep feeling for the mountains, rivers and wetlands surrounding us, because we live so close to nature, she said. "With the boardwalk children lose a good place to find clams." Madrid (CNN) -- Spanish rail chiefs testified on safety before lawmakers Thursday two weeks after 79 people died and scores were injured in a horrific derailment in northwestern Spain.The investigation has focused on the actions of the train's driver Francisco Jose Garzon but questions have also been asked about the safety systems in place on Spain's national railway network.Gonzalo Ferre Molto president of state-owned rail infrastructure company Adif and Julio Gomez-Pomar president of state railroad company Renfe outlined what is being done to ensure the safety of rail travelers.My desire is to know the whole truth and avoid the possibility of an event of this nature happening again, said Ferre. "This is the best service we can offer to the victims and the whole Spanish society."Lawmakers heard that the route the train was on from Madrid to Ferrol includes a mix of conventional and high-speed track with the latter allowing high-speed trains to travel at over 200 kilometers per hour (124 mph.)Driver on phone when train derailed court saysTwo different safety systems are used in Spain: the European Rail Traffic Management System for the high-speed track and another known as ASFA on conventional lines.The train and its engineer were switching between the two kinds of track and operating system in the course of the journey.A transition from an ERTMS-operated section to the other system happened about four miles before the train derailed on a curve near the northwestern city of Santiago de Compostela Ferre said.That section of track had been inspected on April 20 he said.Speed limit on bendCourt officials have said the train was traveling at 153 kph (95 mph) when it derailed nearly twice the speed limit on the curve where the accident happened.Victims mourned at memorial massAfter the accident a temporary speed limit of 30 kph was imposed on the stretch where the accident occurred and is still in place Ferre said. A permanent limit of 60 kph will come into force once that is lifted.Our safety department is developing an investigation report, Ferre told the parliamentarians. "Safety in the rail sector is an open subject."Gomez-Pomar said Renfe has started to examine the safety systems in place and admitted that they can be improved.He said the driver had taken control of the train at Ourense station at 8:06 p.m. about 35 minutes before the crash occurred. Garzon had started his working day about eight hours earlier but his effective driving time at that point was less than three hours he said.The driver who has worked for Renfe since 1992 had passed his most recent health test Gomez-Pomar said. He had been qualified to travel the Ourense-Santiago stretch of track since February 2012 and was given permission to drive the kind of train involved in the crash last November.In total more than 7000 trains have passed through the stretch where the accident occurred Gomez-Pomar said.Human errorSome lawmakers from smaller parliamentary groups criticized what they said was a rush to blame the driver for the crash.Shifting the responsibility of a high-speed train on to the machine operator is, from our point of view, a rather excessive responsibility, said Rosana Perez of the Mixed Group.She suggested the number of drivers aboard a train should be increased as a safety measure to protect against human error.It has been said that the only cause is the human factor. If it is really so, we are lost. This argument falls by its own weight, said Gaspar Llamazares of the United Left group.Charges filedInvestigations continue into the cause of the July 24 derailment which shocked the nation.As of Thursday 38 people remain in the hospital six of them -- all adults -- in critical condition according to local health authorities. No nationalities were given for those still hospitalized.Authorities have charged Garzon with 79 counts of homicide by professional recklessness and an undetermined number of counts of causing injury by professional recklessness. He has been given conditional release but has surrendered his passport.Three witnesses were expected to give statements Thursday to a court in Galicia in a closed-door session. They are a station manager and two neighbors who went to help the survivors immediately after the crash.Minutes before the derailment Garzon received a call on his work phone apparently receiving instructions on the way to Ferrol from a Renfe staff member a court in Galicia said last month.The train was nearing the end of the six-hour trip between the capital and Ferrol at the time of the accident.Spain train crash victim: 'It felt like a roller coaster'CNN's Laura Perez Maestro and Al Goodman reported from Madrid and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London. Atlanta (CNN) -- A man who tried to rob a group of people waiting in line to buy the new $180 LeBron James sneakers was shot and killed when one of the customers pulled out a gun Atlanta police said.The incident took place before dawn Saturday outside a shoe store in Atlanta's Little Five Points area.The group was waiting for the store to open for the day so they could buy the LeBron X Denim on its first day of release.Police said the man approached the group with a gun in hand and tried to rob them.One of the men in the group took out his own handgun and fired said Atlanta police spokesman Carlos Campos.A number of witnesses were interviewed and this appears to be self-defense, he said.Campos said the customer was not charged.Another customer in line Taylor White told CNN affiliate WSB-TV that the would-be robber should have thought twice.I didn't even expect him to come up here, thinking it was that sweet. Thinking it's that candy land like that, White said. "He wanted to pickpocket everybody. But people out here they weren't going for none of that." If Mitt Romney were to write a bumper sticker slogan for the past month it would probably be "Detroit DID go bankrupt. Russia IS a geopolitical foe."Reality isn't quite so simple as to perfectly apply recent developments on Detroit and Russia to the American debate in 2012 but neither were Romney's arguments on the car industry and on Russia. That didn't stop Democrats and pundits from using them to beat Romney down.And it would be a good retort to Joe Biden's often-repeated 2012 bumper sticker slogan: "Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive!"Biden used the phrase to simultaneously flaunt what the Obama administration accomplished in the war on terror and hit Romney for his position against the auto bailout.Romney had different ideas than the president about the war on terror and he also had outspoken ideas on Russia which he told Wolf Blitzer on CNN in March of 2012 was "without question our number one geopolitical foe."His statement drew snickers in Washington and complaints in foreign policy circles that he was stuck in the Cold War.Archives: Hillary Clinton criticizes Romney's remarks on RussiaYou don't call Russia our No. 1 enemy -- not al Qaeda, Russia -- unless you're still stuck in a Cold War mind warp, President Barack Obama said at the Democratic National Convention last September.The president probably still wouldn't call Russia this country's top foe. But now that Russia has given NSA leaker Edward Snowden a year of asylum and the two countries can't find accord on Syria or Iran he might choose not to put the line in his convention speech.Snowden asylum could cancel planned Obama-Putin talksNow is the time to fundamentally rethink our relationship with Putin's Russia, Sen. John McCain said upon hearing news of Snowden's asylum. "We need to deal with the Russia that is not the Russia we might wish for. We cannot allow today's action by [Russian President Vladimir Putin] to stand without serious repercussions."Russia has stabbed us in the back, said Sen. Chuck Schumer the New York Democrat. He called on Obama to protest by demanding the upcoming G-20 summit for world economic powers be moved away from Russia.Biden's slogan "General Motors is alive!" drew a direct contrast between the candidates on the auto bailout that Obama engineered after initial action by President George W. Bush.Romney's much-cited New York Times op-ed argued the car industry should be shepherded into a managed bankruptcy and not propped up with taxpayer dollars.The headline of Romney's op-ed in November 2008 was "Let Detroit Go Bankrupt." That headline followed him all the way to November of 2012 when he lost the election.Romney's argument in the opinion piece was directed at the car industry but it foreshadowed last month's news that the Detroit the city once the powerhouse of the American economy was going bankrupt.[W]e refused to throw in the towel and do nothing, Obama said in a video message in October of 2012. "We refused to let Detroit go bankrupt I bet on American workers and American ingenuity and three years later that bet is paying off in a big way."A conservative might apply the high labor costs Romney cited as part of the downfall for the auto industry to the cost of government worker pension plans that have helped put the city in trouble.How to deal with promises made to public employees is an issue Americans will face in the coming decades in places far flung from the Motor City.Hatch: After Detroit replace public pensionsThe federal government has made pretty clear there won't be any sort of bailout for the city of Detroit like there was for the auto industry that lives there.CNNMoney: Why Obama won't bail out DetroitCampaigns are full of little moments like the Detroit and Russia storylines that may have worked against Romney. They add up. More damaging for Romney than either the Detroit op-ed or the Russia as a foe storyline was his statement to fundraisers about giving up on the 47% of Americans who would not vote for him no matter what.This week we also got the most in-depth explanation from Romney on those comments in the form of a book excerpt from Washington Post writer Dan Balz. Romney said he was misunderstood.More: Romney regrets 47% commentsArchives: Romney doesn't back away from message caught on secret tapeIn politics eight months is an eternity. It's enough time for the Romneys to welcome four new grandchildren into the world. How Detroit and Russia and the 47% factored into 2012 are interesting historical questions but the national dialogue has moved on. Romney is retired from national politics and the pundits and press have moved on to the 2016 parlor game.Trio of potential 2016 GOP contenders heading to South Carolina (CNN) -- Lotus Renault driver Robert Kubica has confirmed that he will not be fit in time for the start of the 2012 Formula One season.The 26-year-old Pole winner of the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix missed the whole of this season after suffering serious injuries following a rallying crash in February.There had been some hope that Kubica would be fit enough to start the new campaign but he released a statement on the team's official website confirming this would not be the case.Kubica said: "I have come to the conclusion that I am not yet certain to be ready for the 2012 season. This was a difficult decision to make but it is the most reasonable one.I know that Lotus Renault need to prepare for next year, and further extending deadlines would not have been the right thing to do. On a personal level, my recovery is very encouraging and my doctors keep being impressed.Kubica added: "I just need more time as I want to be 100% ready before I commit to anything driving related."Team principal Eric Boullier also released a statement saying: "Everybody in the team is of course very disappointed. Robert not driving in Australia at the start of next season is not what we were all hoping for.However, he has taken a very mature decision, acting in the best interests of Lotus Renault GP. As a team and as a family, we remain 100% behind him and we'll help as much as we can.Kubica suffered a partial amputation of his forearm and compound fractures to his right elbow shoulder and leg in the accident in Andorra last February.He subsequently had three operations and has undergone a lengthy period of rehabilitation but has so far not driven a car.Kubica's decision leaves the team with a choice of three drivers to fill its two seats Vitaly Petrov Bruno Senna and Romain Grosjean unless they look outside their current line-up. London (CNN) -- A Europe-wide scandal over horse meat in products labeled beef spread still further Friday as UK authorities revealed the results of DNA testing on beef products and raided the premises of three more UK food firms.Of 2501 tests carried out on beef products across the industry by noon Friday 2472 found no horse meat content above 1% the UK Food Standards Agency said.The 29 positive tests involved seven products sold by five suppliers according to the Food Standards Agency.Another 962 tests are still under way the agency said at a news conference.Fifteen of the positive tests were for the lasagna products sold by frozen food giant Findus that first triggered the horse meat alert last week.The others concerned beef products sold by supermarket chains Tesco Aldi and The Co-operative and burgers made by catering supplier Rangeland.Tesco Asda and Aldi all issued statements saying they are boosting testing on meat products to protect customers restore confidence and ensure product quality.Jim Smith group technical director for Tesco said the company will "no longer work with the suppliers who fell below our very high standards."The Food Standards Agency declined to give details of the names or location of the three food premises raided Friday.Investigations are ongoing but authorities cannot rule out the possibility of arrests it said.The latest raids come a day after UK authorities arrested three workers at two meat plants Farmbox Meats near Aberystywth and Peter Boddy Slaughterhouse in Todmorden West Yorkshire.Inspectors toured the plants Tuesday and suspended their permits to operate Wednesday the agency said.Meanwhile authorities in northern England confirmed Friday that a dish had been pulled from 47 school kitchens after tests revealed horse DNA.The ready-made cottage pie or shepherd's pie came from an external supplier the Lancashire County Council said.This does not appear to be a food safety issue but I've no doubt parents will agree we need to take a very firm line with suppliers, councilor Susie Charles said in a prepared statement.Authorities across Europe have been scrambling to get a grip on the crisis over rogue horse meat in beef products.Fears of mislabeled meat also spread to the sky where companies that provide in-flight catering in Europe initiated reviews of their suppliers.LSG Sky Chefs said it has contacted all its meat suppliers in Europe and has asked for written confirmation that their products do not contain horse meat. Another major caterer Gate Gourmet is doing the same with its suppliers.The European Union intends to begin testing meat across all 27 member states it confirmed Friday.It called for testing 10 to 150 samples per country and at least five tests per country for the presence of the drug phenylbutazone also known as bute which is approved for horses but is not allowed to enter the food chain because it can be harmful to humans.Over the past week unauthorized horse meat has been discovered in a variety of products labeled as beef that were sold in supermarkets in countries including Britain France Sweden Switzerland Germany and Ireland.In the UK catering giant Compass Group and Whitbread which owns hotels coffee shops and restaurants were the latest to say Friday that they had found horse DNA in certain beef products.Whitbread said it was removing a meat lasagna and a beef burger from its menus and would work with the Food Standards Agency to implement a robust future testing regime.We are shocked and disappointed at this failure of the processed meat supply chain, it said in a written statement.Compass Group said an affected burger from Rangeland Foods had been provided to some sites in Ireland and Northern Ireland where it holds the catering contract. It promised DNA testing across processed meat products in future.NorgesGruppen in Norway also confirmed to CNN on Friday that horse meat had been found in frozen lasagna dishes in its stores.The analysis tells us that the lasagnas contained 60% or more horse meat, a spokeswoman said. "We have withdrawn up to 8000 products last week. We are in talks with the factory the French company Comigel."Comigel was one of two French firms whose role in the scandal was highlighted at a news conference held by French authorities Thursday.The other firm Spanghero should have known that the meat it labeled as beef was actually horse French Consumer Affairs Minister Benoit Hamon said.Spanghero was the first company to label the meat as beef the minister said adding that 750 tons of horse meat were involved over a period of at least six months.Spanghero should have identified the meat as horse from its Romanian customs code as well as its appearance smell and price he said.Comigel also should have noticed anomalies in labeling of the meat it received Hamon said.A Spanghero representative told CNN the company had acted in good faith. "The company has never ordered horse meat and we never knowingly sold horse meat the representative said.

The affair has been passed to the Paris prosecutor to be investigated as fraud, Hamon said. The offense is punishable by up to two years in prison and fines of up to â‚¬187,500 for the companies involved.

Hamon said there is no reason to doubt that the Romanian abattoir that supplied the horse meat was acting in good faith.

In another twist, UK inspectors said Thursday that horse carcasses contaminated with the equine painkiller bute may have entered the food chain in France. UK and French authorities are working to trace the horse meat, the Food Standards Agency said.

The meat industry was first thrust into the spotlight last month when Irish investigators found horse and pig DNA in hamburger products. The discovery of pig DNA in beef products is of particular concern to Jews and Muslims, whose dietary laws forbid the consumption of pork products. Jewish dietary laws also ban the eating of horse meat.

CNN's Claudia Rebaza, Kendra Wates and Susannah Palk contributed to this report.

 A federal judge struck down Oregon's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage Monday.Because Oregon's marriage laws discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation without a rational relationship to any legitimate government interest, the laws violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, U.S. District Judge Michael McShane said in his ruling.Oregon voters passed Measure 36 in 2004 which amended the state's Constitution to define marriage as between one man and a woman.In February the state's attorney general said she would not defend the ban in court because it would not stand up to a federal constitutional challenge.My decision will not be the final word on this subject, but on this issue of marriage I am struck more by our similarities than our differences. I believe that if we can look for a moment past gender and sexuality, we can see in these plaintiffs nothing more or less than our own families, families who we would expect our Constitution to protect, if not exalt, in equal measure, McShane said. "With discernment we see not shadows lurking in closets or the stereotypes of what was once believed; rather we see families committed to the common purpose of love devotion and service to the greater community."Same-sex couples camped out in lawn chairs outside a government building in Oregon's largest county while waiting for the news then cheered as word of the judge's decision spread.Multnomah County began issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples minutes later the county said in a statement.Ben West one of the plaintiffs who challenged Oregon's constitutional ban stood beside his fiance and his son as he told CNN affiliate KGW that he was thrilled by the news.We're excited. It's surreal. We're part of history. Our family is recognized, I mean, I'm tingling. It's amazing, he said.It means that my son's family is just as legitimate as the one next door, and that he can grow up proud.At a news conference shortly after the judge's ruling activists and attorneys who challenged the amendment celebrated the news.Love won today, said Marty Rouse national field director for the Human Rights Campaign.Ten years ago Rouse said the first same-sex marriages in the United States were celebrated in Massachusetts. And 45 years ago marked another historic moment he said.Same-sex couples were arrested and sent to jail for dancing together at establishments like the Stonewall Inn, he said. "Today 45 years later in 18 states and now including Oregon and the District of Columbia same-sex couples are dancing together at their own weddings and they have wedding rings not handcuffs. History in Oregon. Congratulations."Meanwhile the National Organization for Marriage which opposes same-sex marriage said it had filed a motion with the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals asking judges to block McShane's ruling.This case is an ugly example of inappropriate cooperation between the Attorney General and the gay marriage lobby, both of whom want to redefine marriage in contravention of the overwhelming decision of the people to define marriage as the union of one man and one woman, Brian Brown the organization's president said in a statement. "The people of Oregon are entitled to a defense of their decision on marriage rather than being abandoned in court."Same-sex marriage now allowed in 18 statesThe Oregon ruling continues a near-unbroken string of state and federal court victories nationwide in the past year for supporters of same-sex marriage.Seventeen other states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage within their borders: California Connecticut Delaware Hawaii Illinois Iowa Maine Maryland Massachusetts Minnesota New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Rhode Island Vermont and Washington. Just over a decade ago there were none.Earlier this month judges in Arkansas and Idaho ruled that same-sex marriage bans in those states were unconstitutional. Both decisions are being appealed.This month also marks the two-year anniversary of President Barack Obama voicing his public support for the first time of same-sex marriage citing his own "evolution" on the issue.At a certain point, I've just concluded that for me personally it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married, Obama said at the time.Groups supporting same-sex marriage applauded the Oregon ruling.The importance of Judge McShane's decision cannot be overemphasized, said David Fidanque executive director of the ACLU of Oregon. "Our federal Constitution does not allow any state -- or its voters -- to deny same-sex couples equal protection under the law simply because of who they are and who they love. This type of discrimination is wrong and it's also unconstitutional."But court battles over the matter are far from over.About 70 cases dealing with same-sex marriage are now making their way through U.S. courts.Separate federal appeals courts in recent weeks heard challenges to same-sex marriage bans in Utah Oklahoma and Virginia. Similar appeals will be heard on current bans in Nevada Texas Kentucky Ohio and Michigan.Federal judge orders Utah to recognize same-sex marriagesAlso Monday a federal judge said Utah must recognize the marriages of more than 1200 same-sex couples who obtained marriage licenses earlier this year after a court struck down that state's same-sex marriage ban.The U.S. Supreme Court days later issued a stay preventing any more same-sex marriages but that action left those who got married in the interim in legal limbo.The judge's ruling Monday says Utah must give those couples "all the protections benefits and responsibilities given to all marriages under Utah law."While some details of the Oregon and Utah cases are similar there's a key difference. In Utah the state is appealing a judge's decision to overturn its voter-approved ban of same-sex marriage.  Gov. Gary Herbert slammed what he said was a decision by an "activist federal judge."In Oregon officials are taking the opposite tack praising the judge's ruling overturning their state's same-sex marriage ban.Now, finally, all Oregonians will have the opportunity to make a legal commitment to the person they love. Every person and every family in Oregon deserves that chance, Gov. John Kitzhaber said in a statement. "Today is a win for love for families and for freedom." DES MOINES Iowa (CNN) -- Orangutans and bonobos in one of North America's leading ape research centers are spending time high in their habitats to escape Iowa floodwaters officials said Monday.Floodwaters encroach on the bonobo facility at the Great Ape Trust of Iowa.Water on the grounds of the Great Ape Trust of Iowa in Des Moines has been as high as 14 feet after flooding began last week.Research including the future and origins of culture language tool use and language in ape species was brought to a standstill officials said.But at no time were the apes in danger.The parts that house the animals all have drains, and being wet is a part of their daily routine, said Al Setka director of communications.Animals moved to the highest levels of their living quarters when they wanted to stay dry the trust reported. The orangutan habitat is 30 feet high and the bonobo one is 25 feet high according to the trust's Web site.Today, we are just trying to finish cleaning out the living areas to give the apes access to all of their indoor space, Setka said Monday.The trust's Web site said the Des Moines facility built in a former sand quarry will be the largest in North America when it is completed. Covert drone strikes are one of President Obama's key national security policies. He has already authorized 283 strikes in Pakistan six times more than the number during President George W. Bush's eight years in office.As a result the number of estimated deaths from the Obama administration's drone strikes is more than four times what it was during the Bush administration -- somewhere between 1494 and 2618.Under Obama the drone campaign which during the Bush administration had put emphasis on killing significant members of al Qaeda has undergone a quiet and unheralded shift to focus increasingly on killing Taliban foot soldiers.Obama revealed: The man the presidentTo the extent that the targets of drone attacks can be ascertained under Bush al Qaeda members accounted for 25% of all drone targets compared to 40% for Taliban targets. Under Obama only 8% of targets were al Qaeda compared to just over 50% for Taliban targets.And while under Bush about a third of all drone strikes killed a militant leader compared to less than 13% since President Obama took office according to an analysis of thousands of credible media reports about the strikes undertaken by the New America Foundation.While Bush sought to decapitate the leadership ranks of al Qaeda Obama seems to be aiming also to collapse the entire network of allied groups such as the Pakistani Taliban.As a result so-called "signature strikes" have become a hallmark of Obama's drone war. These are drone attacks based on patterns of merely suspicious activity by a group of men rather than the identification of a particular individual militant.These have decimated the ranks of low-level combatants killing somewhere between 1332 to 2326 reported militants. In April 2010 a militant told a New York Times reporter "It seems they really want to kill everyone not just the leaders."Obama's drone campaign is quite controversial: Some claim that a substantial number of civilians are killed in the attacks while U.S. government officials assert that the civilian casualty rate is now zero.In Pakistan the program is deeply unpopular and the Pakistani parliament voted in April to end any authorization for the program a vote that the United States government has simply ignored.The New America Foundation analysis of the drone campaign in Pakistan found that:-- The civilian casualty rate has been dropping sharply since 2008. The number of civilians plus "unknowns those individuals whose precise status could not be determined from media reports, reported killed by drones in Pakistan during Obama's tenure in office were 11% of fatalities. So far in 2012 it is close to 2%. Under President Bush it was 33%.

-- Conversely, the percentage of militants killed has been rising over the life of the drone program. The number of militants reported killed by drone strikes is 89% of the fatalities under Obama compared to 67% under Bush.

-- Some of these attacks were designed to help Pakistani interests. In the first eight months of 2009, the U.S. carried out 19 drone strikes targeting affiliates of the leader of the Pakistani Taliban, Baitullah Mehsud, who had carried out an extensive campaign of attacks against Pakistani police officers, soldiers and politicians. Mehsud was eventually killed by a CIA drone strike.

-- Since it began in 2004, the drone campaign has killed 49 militant leaders whose deaths have been confirmed by at least two credible news sources. While this represents a significant blow to the militant chain of command, these 49 deaths account for only 2% of all drone-related fatalities.

Osama bin Laden himself recognized the devastation that the drones were inflicting on his organization, writing a lengthy memo about the issue in October 2010 that was later recovered in the compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan, where he was killed by a team of U.S. Navy SEALs. In the memo to a lieutenant, bin Laden advised that his men leave the Pakistani tribal regions where the drone strikes have been overwhelmingly concentrated and head to a remote part of Afghanistan and he also suggested that his son Hamza decamp for the tiny, rich Persian Gulf kingdom of Qatar.

Buzz ramps up over SEAL's bin Laden book

The year 2010 marked the most intense point of the Obama drone campaign, with a record 122 strikes. This combined with the May 2011 raid on bin Laden's compound in Abbottabad, and the killing of at least 24 Pakistani soldiers in a NATO air strike in November severely damaged the relationship between the United States and Pakistan, and resulted in the eviction of CIA-controlled drones from Shamsi air base in Baluchistan in southwestern Pakistan.

At the same time, Cameron Munter, then-U.S. ambassador to Pakistan, was urging that there be more judicious targeting of the drone strikes as well as increased consultation with the Pakistanis about them.

In the past two years, there has also been increased congressional oversight of the program. The chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-California, explained in a May letter to the Los Angeles Times that Committee staff has held 28 monthly in-depth oversight meetings to review strike records and question every aspect of the program including legality effectiveness precision foreign policy implications and the care taken to minimize noncombatant casualties."Some combination of pushback from the State Department increased congressional oversight the closure of the CIA drone base in Pakistan and perhaps a declining number of targets in the tribal regions and a greater desire to heed Pakistani sensitivities about drone attacks has led to a sharp fall in the number of strikes since 2010.The number of drone strikes in 2011 fell by 40% from the record number of strikes in 2010. So far this year the number of strikes has dropped by a further 25%.This is a welcome development. If the price of the drone campaign that increasingly kills only low-level Taliban is alienating 180 million Pakistanis -- that is too high a price to pay.While the drone campaign in Pakistan may be on the wane it is amping up against the al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen. This year alone Obama has authorized around 30 drone strikes in Yemen while Bush only launched one drone attack there during his two terms in office.Small wonder that as Obama prepares to address the Democratic Party convention in Charlotte North Carolina he continues to enjoy a considerable advantage over Mitt Romney on national security.A Reuters poll in August found Obama leading Romney by a comfortable 12  percentage points on national security which is traditionally regarded as a Republican strength.Thanks to Fatima Mustafa Farhad Peikar and Jennifer Rowland for their research help.Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter. Chapel Hill North Carolina (CNN) -- What happens to the 3100 students who enrolled in fake classes and now have a degree stamped with the seal of the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill -- an institution consistently ranked among the nation's top public schools?Likely nothing.The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools is currently reviewing a scathing report prepared by former federal prosecutor Ken Wainstein which showed thousands of UNC students took fraudulent classes some of them multiple times.But Belle Wheelan the president of the association -- which is charged with accrediting degree-granting higher education institutions in the South from Virginia to Texas -- told CNN that her group can't take away degrees.UNC has to verify every degree they give all the time. We ask them to make sure all courses really are legitimate, Wheelan said. "All we can do ... is put them on sanction for lack of integrity.As far as taking those degrees back, there's nothing we can do.UNC officials told CNN say they are still deciding how to try to remedy the fact that so many students graduated with credits from the so-called "paper classes" on their transcripts.Some students earned many credits taking multiple "GPA booster" classes. One student was enrolled in 19 different paper classes Wainstein said.We're considering options on these matters and are working closely with SACS to evaluate possible courses of action, said spokesman Rick White.UNC report: 18 years of academic fraudExpert: 'Nearly impossible' to take away degreesGerald Gurney president of the Drake Group for academic integrity in collegiate sport and the former president of the National Association of Academic Advisers for Athletics called the UNC fraud the largest and most nefarious academic scandal in the history of the NCAA.The depth and breadth of the scheme -- involving counselors, coaches, academic administrators, faculty, athletic administrators, etc. -- eclipses any previous case, Gurney said.But while Gurney believes the NCAA should punish the university he does not think that the students could lose the legitimacy of their degrees.Lifting diplomas from students who were advised to take these classes is nearly impossible, he said.The last time SACS investigated the paper classes -- when UNC insisted they existed on a much smaller scale -- the association made UNC offer new classes to students who had been enrolled in the fake ones. But the enrollment in the remedy class was optional Wheelan said.UNC told CNN that 11 students opted to retake a class.The suspect classes were started by a professor's assistant in the African-American studies program (AFAM) who had sympathy for those at the school who were "not the best and the brightest." That assistant Debbie Crowder and professor Julius Nyang'oro then worked with several advisers in athletics to help student-athletes on the brink of eligibility keep their GPAs up according to the report.One former football player Mike McAdoo told CNN earlier this year that his adviser told him to major in AFAM and then put him in several paper classes even though he had interest in majoring in something else.From emails that were attached to Wainstein's report it's clear that some athletes were placed in these classes because they were struggling.One email written by former women's basketball academics adviser Jan Boxill suggests an athlete is only enrolled in "two real courses."Other emails show how counselors were calculated in adding then dropping and shifting athletes from class to class trying to keep them eligible to play.UNC fake class scandal and NCAA's response wind their way to WashingtonReport: Nearly half of 3100 students were athletesThis all comes as no surprise to whistleblower Mary Willingham.She sounded the alarm on paper classes and was a lone voice against the university when it insisted that the whole scheme fell to the shoulders of Nyang'oro and Crowder alone.Willingham told CNN that many people were involved and that the paper classes were used as a crutch for underprepared athletes. She said that in January -- a month before the Wainstein and his firm Cadwalader Wickersham & Taft was hired by UNC to do another investigation into what happened over the last two decades.Whistleblower in UNC paper class case files lawsuitWhat Wainstein found was significantly bigger than what UNC had admitted to for the last five years.Nearly half of the 3100 students were athletes.A good number of these student-athletes were steered" to the AFAM paper classes by certain academic counselors in ASPSA Wainstein's report says. His report says paper classes served as GPA boosters" for athletes who were on the brink of eligibility.Why?Willingham says it's because they were admitted to UNC just to play -- and they couldn't keep up in the classroom the way they could keep up on the field she says.Willingham has been attacked for saying that. One UNC official even publicly said she was lying.Now the 131-page report and hundreds of supplemental documents appear to back her up.Willingham sat at her kitchen table this week watching the University of North Carolina admit to nearly two decades of academic fraud. All she could think about were the athletes she tutored who she says were terribly unprepared for real classes at UNC.Many she says could barely read.I think about where they are, you know, what are they doing, she said sitting at that same table the next day. "It's hard to find a lot of those guys. And so I was wondering if they were paying any attention to this and if it had any meaning for them."Federal education privacy rules forbid the university from publicly identifying the students involved in the paper classes.UNC in January: We failed students 'for years'Roy Williams: 'We tried to do the right thing'UNC said the Wainstein report came to a different conclusion than previous investigations because he had the cooperation of Nyang'oro and Crowder who previously weren't talking. Nyang'oro was charged with fraud -- a charge later dropped when he began cooperating with Wainstein.But it's unclear why previous investigations did not uncover the damning emails or whether the statements of the athletic advisers were different in the past.The latest one though did find that some coaches knew what was happening.Former head football coach John Bunting for instance told investigators he knew of the paper classes. His successor Butch Davis who was fired a few years back for his role also admitted some knowledge.The investigators made no findings about Dean Smith the legendary basketball coach and sports icon who coached 36 years at UNC.And the current basketball coach Roy Williams has adamantly denied knowing anything.Reacting Saturday to the report Williams told reporters "it's a very sad time for me" as not only UNC's head basketball coach but also a former assistant coach and student there.As to what happens next Williams said he doesn't see anything in Wainstein's report pertaining to "men's basketball that somebody can immediately look at and say this is going to happen or this is not going to happen."The thing about it is that we tried to do the right thing, the coach said. "I can't determine what the NCAA is going to do."CNN analysis: Some college athletes play like adults read like fifth-gradersCNN's Devon Sayers and Greg Botelho contributed to this report. Manila (CNN)Flags were flown at half-staff in the Philippines Friday as the nation observed a day of mourning for 44 police commandos killed in a disastrous operation in the country's Muslim south.The officers members of the police's elite Special Action Force (SAF) unit were killed in a 12-hour firefight with two Muslim rebel groups in the southern province of Maguindanao at the weekend.Their 392-strong team had been deployed to hunt two "most wanted" terror suspects.The fallen police were farewelled by grieving family members politicians and police and military leadership at their home base Camp Bagong Diwa in Taguig City Friday.Policemen across the country wore black armbands to show their sympathy.Delivering a eulogy for the fallen President Benigno Aquino III made reference to his own loss as the son of an assassinated political leader and vowed to bring the remaining target of the commandos' mission to justice.Our 44 fallen heroes from our police force, the youngest at 26 and the most senior at 39 years old, pushed themselves and exerted all their effort to do what they could, not only for themselves and their families, but for our beloved country, he said.They gave up their lives for the kind of peace and order that endures.The president's father Benigno Aquino Jr. was a Filipino senator who was assassinated at Manila International Airport in 1983.The officers had been pursuing two "high value" terrorist bomb makers including the senior Jemaah Islamiyah figure Zulkifli bin Hir also known as Marwan when they came under assault.Marwan a Malaysian suspected of being behind the 2002 Bali bombings has a $5 million U.S. government bounty on his head.Philippine authorities say they believe he was killed in the raid but are yet to conduct DNA testing to confirm this. Previous reports of his death have proven false.The unit's other target Filipino bomb maker Abdul Basit Usman escaped.Aquino swore during the eulogy that Usman would be brought to justice.Capturing Basit Usman is number one on our list of priorities, he said. "I assure you we will get Usman."Police Chief Superintendent Noli G. Talino deputy director of the Special Action Force delivered a speech recounting how the satisfaction of the assault on Marwan soured as the commandos became pinned down during the extraction.He recalled hearing the voice of a colleague on the radio asking for reinforcements as they became surrounded by armed rebels.I felt guilty ... about what happened in the field, and it seems our efforts were not enough to extend the help that they have asked for. But we did our best, he said.Is it worth it? One international terrorist equivalent to 44 SAF troopers? I'm sure if you will ask them, it is worth it.The Philippines has been fighting an insurgency in the predominantly Muslim south for years.Last year it signed a peace agreement with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) the largest rebel group in the region.The MILF agreed to end hostilities in return for the establishment of a more autonomous Muslim region in the south.But hardline splinter groups such as the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) have not signed any peace deal.The police commandos engaged in battle with both groups during the firefight near Mamasapano town Maguindanao Province last weekend.Secretary of the Department of Interior and Local Government Mar Roxas said that the commandos were retreating from the assault on their targets when they came under fire from members of the BIFF.In maneuvering away from the BIFF assault they strayed into territory controlled by the MILF and further fighting ensued.On Wednesday Aquino delivered a speech to the nation vowing that the deaths would not derail the deal with the MILF saying the fallen police had given their lives for the cause of peace.If the peace process were derailed, how many more graves would we have to dig? he said. "How many more children will idolize Marwan? How many will want to grow up to be Usman? How many engineers will choose to build bombs rather than buildings?" he said.A board of inquiry is looking into why the mission went wrong. The SAF has been criticized for not coordinating adequately with the MILF ahead of the mission.But Benigno said in his speech that "even if the MILF and BIFF now constitute two different groups many of them are related by blood or by affinity. Strangers cannot just enter their territory. Our troops needed to enter quietly and carefully; otherwise their targets may have been alerted."The MILF issued a statement Wednesday on behalf of its chairman Al Haj Murad Ebrahim.The statement reiterated the MILF's "full commitment" to the peace process extended sympathies to the families of the fallen police and announced its own investigation into the incident.In order to give meaning to their deaths, we must resolve not to let something like this happen again, read the statement. (CNN) -- Four members of the Lebanese Shiite movement Hezbollah have been indicted in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri a high-placed source in the Lebanese Army confirmed on Thursday.The Special Tribunal for Lebanon issued the indictments and a U.N. source familiar with the body said the people include alleged perpetrators on the ground.Multiple sources in the region said they include Mustafa Badreddine.Badreddine -- who is the brother-in-law of Imad Mughniyeh a former Hezbollah commander who was assassinated in Syria in 2008 -- is reported to be a member of Hezbollah's advisory council. The other names on the list are Hasan Oneisa Salim Ayyah and Asad Sabra.Two additional lists of indictments are expected later this summer and are expected to include the organizers and planners of the attack the U.N. source said. The United Nations and the Lebanese Republic negotiated an agreement on the establishment of the tribunal based at The Hague.Many Lebanese believe the killing revolved around the controversies over Syria's role in Lebanon occupied at the time by Syrian troops and the Damascus government's strong political influence in Lebanon.People believe Hariri wanted the Syrians to withdraw from Lebanon and lessen Syria's influence and many suspect that Syria and its ally Hezbollah went after Hariri because of his stance on this issue.Those suspected connections of Hezbollah and the Syrian government to the killing have raised tensions in the country stoking fears of sectarian conflict erupting in the ethnically and religiously diverse nation which endured a civil war from 1975 to 1990.Besides being prime minister of Lebanon for 10 years between 1992 and 2004 Rafik Hariri was the driving force behind Beirut's renaissance as a Mediterranean jewel investing in the restoration of a city center that not so long before had been the frontline in Lebanon's civil war.Rafik Hariri was 60 when he was killed a self-made Sunni billionaire of humble origins. His son Saad 40 leads a political bloc known as "March 14 which includes prominent Christian leaders. The group's adversaries include Hezbollah and other factions.

Syria had thousands of troops in Lebanon and great influence in the country until mass protests after Hariri's assassination forced their withdrawal. Syria has denied any involvement in the assassination.

But six years later, the shadow cast by that day still hangs over Lebanon, which finds itself in a political crisis -- in part caused by the bitter divide over the country's special tribunal that is tasked with investigating Hariri's assassination.

Hezbollah is a political faction in Lebanon and provides social services to Shiites, but it has long been regarded as a terrorist organization by the United States and as an ally of Iran. It has had longstanding animosity toward the tribunal, based on the expectation that some of its members would be indicted as conspirators in Hariri's assassination.

The Hezbollah leader, Hassan Nasrallah, has accused the group's arch-enemy Israel of the assassination. The movement, which fought a war on Lebanese soil against Israel five years ago, claims the tribunal is a plot involving the United States, Israel and France. Ibrahim Mousawi, a Hezbollah media relations officer, said it had no immediate reaction to the indictments.

Rafik Hariri and 22 others were killed on February 14, 2005, when a bomb went off as his motorcade passed by. Saad Hariri, Rafik Hariri's son and a former Lebanese prime minister, said on Thursday the indictments were issued after years of patience and waiting and a constant national struggle."Saad Hariri called on all factions to accept Lebanon's "obligations" to the tribunal and said on Thursday "there is no excuse for anyone to escape from this responsibility."Today, we witness a distinctive historic moment in the life of Lebanon's political, judicial security, and ethical systems. And I feel in the beat of my heart, the embrace of all the hearts of the Lebanese who defended the cause of justice and refused to bargain on the blood of the martyrs, Saad Hariri said in a statement.Earlier this year Hezbollah brought down Saad Hariri's government. His replacement is Prime Minister Najib Mikati a Sunni political independent who was backed by Hezbollah and its allies.Nasrallah said in January that Hezbollah nominated Mikati to form "a national salvation government in which parties from across the political spectrum would take part." He disputed the view that Mikati is a Hezbollah figure. He said Mikati is a consensus candidate and "we will not lead the new government and it will not be the government of Hezbollah."Speaking on TV on Friday Mikati said the "delicate situation" Lebanon is experiencing "requires us to be wise" and avert civil strife. He stressed that the "indictments -- no matter what their source is -- are not sentences and that charges need to have compelling evidence away from any doubt and that everyone is presumed innocent until proven guilty."The U.N.-backed court said the indictment and accompanying arrest warrants "were transmitted to the Lebanese authorities" on Thursday. It said the announcement "follows a declaration by the Lebanese authorities that they have received a confirmed indictment."This is not a verdict of guilt and any accused person is presumed innocent unless his or her guilt is established at trial, the Special Tribunal said in a statement.At this time, the STL has no comment on the identity or identities of the person or persons named in the indictment. Indeed, Judge (Daniel) Fransen has ruled that the indictment shall remain confidential in order to assist the Lebanese authorities in fulfilling their obligations to arrest the accused.The tribunal says arrest warrants have been submitted to the Lebanese authorities and that they must inform the tribunal president "within 30 days after the confirmation of the indictment of the measures the state has taken to arrest the person(s) named in the indictment."CNN's Jenifer Fenton contributed to this report (CNN) -- For five years Taliban militants held Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl captive.They released images of him from time to time. In one piece of footage he appeared gaunt eating slowly. In another the soldier stood next to a bearded man with a gun and looked at the camera for a moment. Bergdahl's forehead was furrowed and there appeared to be cuts on his face.Fast forward to late May when the 28-year-old was freed in exchange for five senior Taliban members held by the U.S. military. The news of Bergdahl's freedom initially was met with jubilation but it quickly turned as many called for an investigation into his disappearance and captivity. Some critics accused the soldier of deserting his comrades in war.Less than two months later the Army announced Monday that Bergdahl has completed medical care and mental counseling at an Army hospital in San Antonio.He is going to get back to work the Army said.The soldier will soon take a desk job at Fort Sam Houston said U.S. Army North spokesman Don ManuszewskiBergdahl will be assigned to a unit responsible for homeland defense civil support operations and security cooperation programs involving countries such as Canada Mexico and the Bahamas.Manuszewski wouldn't offer any details about what Bergdahl will be doing day to day but said the former captive will not be treated "any different than any other soldier."When he's not in an office Bergdahl will live in barracks and share a bathroom with other service members.He'll have his own room the spokesman said.'Sponsor' to help Bergdahl readjustBergdahl went missing on June 30 2009 in Afghanistan's Paktika province where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion 501st Infantry Regiment 4th Brigade Combat Team 25th Infantry Division.An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded that Bergdahl left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will according to an official who was briefed on the report.But there was no definitive conclusion because that would require knowing Bergdahl's intent -- something officials couldn't learn without talking to him a U.S. military official has said. The last step in the investigation would likely include hearing Bergdahl's account.At Fort Sam Houston Bergdahl will have a "sponsor" to help him adjust to Army life again Manuszewski said which he called routine for anyone new at the post. The Army tries to match people who are of a similar age with a sponsor sometimes being a few ranks above the post newcomer.The New York Times reported Monday that two soldiers will help Bergdahl readjust to Army life.A lot of stress expected for soldierJust how all this change will feel only Bergdahl will know. But there's little doubt scrutiny of him will be intense and constant said M. David Rudd who specializes in mental health trauma. He is a former dean of the University of Utah's College of Social and Behavioral Science and was also the president of the American Association of Suicidology.The stress level is going to increase dramatically, said Rudd who is now the president of the University of Memphis. "The issue of stigma in the military -- the circumstances that surround his disappearance and the questions raised ... are probably going to provoke significant passions" in other troops.Some fellow soldiers have publicly blasted Bergdahl as a deserter.Longtime war correspondent Mike Boettcher who has worked in Afghanistan said he believes Bergdahl is going to have a tough time readjusting.Gunmen kidnapped Boettcher in El Salvador in 1985 and he struggled to regain his footing after being freed. As a reporter covering emotionally wrenching topics he felt he had to work extra hard to prove he could handle it.What you're worried about is how other people think of you, Boettcher told CNN on Monday. "In my own instance I felt like people were treating me like a fragile egg. So I felt I had something to prove."For Bergdahl's family there will be change too. The casualty assistance workers who helped the service member's relatives during his captivity will conclude their services Monday Manuszewski said.If Bergdahl's family members need help they can call the post and ask for it.We are treating him the same way we would treat any other person assigned here, Manuszewski said. "If the family called ... we would do what we could to support them."Col. Timothy Marsano a spokesman for the family declined to tell CNN if Bergdahl's new job assignment had brought any kind of communication between the soldier and his family. Since his release there has not been a reunion at least a public one.In mid-June the FBI said it was investigating threats against Bergdahl's parents.Bergdahl venturing off-base rubbing elbows with publicFellow soldiers call Bergdahl a deserterCNN's Holly Yan contributed to this report. (CNN) -- She's got nerves of steel golf talent beyond her tender years and a precocious flair for eye-catching fashion: 11-year-old Lucy Li the youngest qualifier in U.S. Women's Open history looked entirely at home as she teed-off at Pinehurst No. 2.Despite a three bad holes in North Carolina which meant she finished her round with an eight-over-par 78 Li impressed onlookers with a composed round that saw her bounce back quickly from disappointing shots.She left the course smiling having followed up two double-bogeys and a triple-bogey with assured play -- including birdies at the first and fifth.It was great, Li told reporters Thursday. "What I was so happy about in my round (was that) after I got doubles and triples I was able to get it back. And I got a lot of pars after that."Heading into the tournament Li said her only ambition was to "have fun and play the best I can."But the California native can also count growing experience in her time at Pinehurst not least how to deal with the perilous course -- which hosted the men's U.S. Open last week.It's tough, said Li. "You miss the ball by three feet and it could be like a two- or three-shot difference.You could hit it three feet more right and you'd be putting this far away for birdie. Or you could be in the bunker and struggling for a bogey.Tour pros had raised doubts about whether the child amateur -- still wearing braces and standing on a box to address the media after her opening round -- should be subjected to the pressure and expectation of such a big professional event.When I found out she qualified, I said, 'Well, where does she go from here? You qualify for an Open at 11, what do you do next?'  asked world No. 1 Stacy Lewis on Wednesday.The 29-year-old added: "If it was my kid I wouldn't let her play in the U.S. Open qualifier at 11 but that's just me."Pressure seemed to be the least of Li's worries as she chatted with the older members of her playing group and feasted on an ice cream during the post-round press conference.She is so mature for her age, said 23-year-old Jessica Wallace who played with Li and Catherine O'Donnell -- the latter also shot 78.There were times when I felt more immature than she is. Catherine and I had fun talking to her. She's so mature, it's like talking to another 23-year-old.Li became officially the youngest player to qualify after securing her place at an event at Half Moon Bay Golf Club near her home in California.She beats fellow American Lexi Thompson who qualified for the 2007 Open aged 12 to become the youngest qualifier.But Li is not the youngest to compete at the tournament -- Beverley Klass competed in 1967 without having to qualify aged just 10.While Canadian Wallace carded 74 to be on course to make the halfway cut seven shots behind first-round leader Lewis Li and O'Donnell were outside the projected top-60 ahead of their second rounds Friday.And there wasn't a fairytale end for Li -- she missed the weekend rounds after carding another 78 on Friday laced with more highs and lows as she tied for 120th in the 154-player field.I'm really happy with how I bounced back from the big numbers, said Li who again had to stand on a box to reach the microphone at her press conference Friday.Just be patient and not care about what happened, just go to the next shot and hit it like nothing, like it's the first shot.Her caddy Bryan Bush added: "She proved that she deserved to be here. Her play spoke for itself.It was never about score, he said. "She was here for the experience and the opportunity to play with the best players in the world. She proved that she can."The weekend attention switched from one child prodigy to a former one as Michelle Wie claimed a three-shot lead from Thompson.The 24-year-old Wie also came to prominence at a young age but is still seeking her first major title.She birdied the last two holes to move clear of 19-year-old Thompson who at 16 was the youngest winner of an LPGA event until that record was taken by Lydia Ko in 2012.New Zealand's Ko now 17 fired 71 to move up the leaderboard and make the cut being tied for 29th.World No. 1 Stacy Lewis dropped from the opening-round lead to a tie for third after a 73 which left the American four shots behind compatriot Wie. PENSACOLA Florida (CNN)  -- A fourth suspect has been arrested in the shooting deaths of a Gulf Coast couple known for adopting special-needs children authorities said late Monday.Police say they have evidence that places Gary Lamont Sumner at the crime scene.Gary Lamont Sumner faces a murder charge for his alleged role in the deaths of Byrd and Melanie Billings on Thursday Escambia County Florida Sheriff David Morgan said.Sumner was pulled over in a traffic stop in Okaloosa County Sunday and arrested after authorities found he matched a description put out by Escambia authorities.Police believe six to eight people were involved in the homicides which occurred in the couple's home in Beulah west of Pensacola near the Alabama state line.  Watch surveillance video of the home invasion »The crime was "a very well-planned and methodical operation Morgan said.

Wayne Coldiron, 41; Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr., 35, and Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Sr., 56, were arrested over the weekend. Coldiron and the younger Gonzalez face charges of murder, robbery and residential home invasion; the elder Gonzalez faces charges of evidence tampering for allegedly trying to disguise a vehicle spotted at the home.

Morgan said at least three others are persons of interests in the investigation.

We expect more arrests to be imminent Morgan told reporters.

Both of the Billingses were shot multiple times, Morgan said, but he would not release further details on their deaths.

Authorities released two surveillance tapes taken from the front and rear of the Billingses' home. Each shows a vehicle pulling up to the property, and five people dressed in black and wearing masks entering the home through two entrances -- including through a utility door left unlocked, something Morgan said is not uncommon in the community. Authorities believe drivers remained in both of the cars.

Investigators believe one motive in the deaths was robbery, but we believe there are other motives Morgan said. He would not say what, if anything, was taken from the home.

Melanie Billings' biological daughter, Ashley Markham, told reporters the couple initially had 17 children -- two biological children each for Byrd and Melanie Billings, with the rest adopted. Three have died over the years, she said. The couple had no biological children together.  Watch Ashley Markham say, Love was never scarce" in Billings home »Morgan however said the couple had a total of 16 children with two that have died and others that have grown older and no longer live in the Billingses' home.Nine of the couple's children were home at the time of the incident Morgan said and police believe three of them saw the intruders. One managed to flee the home and seek help at a neighbor's house the sheriff said.Coldiron and the younger Gonzalez were being held on $1 million bond according to records posted on the sheriff's Web site. The senior Gonzalez was being held on $250000 bond.One of the first three arrested is believed to be the mastermind behind the crime Morgan said but would not say which one.  Watch a report on the arrests in the complex case »Police also released a surveillance photo taken at a Wal-Mart in nearby Gulf Breeze Florida recently. Two of the people in the photo are Sumner and the younger Gonzalez but authorities want to know who the other man is Morgan said.The sheriff called the surveillance tapes "chilling." He noted the vehicles were at the home less than 10 minutes and the five people were in the house less than four minutes.It leads me to believe that this was a very well-planned and methodical operation, Morgan said.  Watch experts describe the "military-style" attack »Although the Billingses were well known in the community the sheriff said authorities are still trying to unravel why they were targeted. He compared their deaths to the slaying of the Clutter family of Kansas inspiration for Truman Capote's novel "In Cold Blood noting the Clutter murders were something the community struggled with for years.

It will be a very long time I believe until we piece together the truth of why this family was selected Morgan said.

Police believe the suspects might have bought the clothes they wore to the home and were reviewing surveillance tapes and photos from several stores, he said.

Morgan said the crime's complexity is frustrating for investigators, comparing it to a complicated mathematics or word problem that lacks complete information.

It seems as though each phase we complete while we answer a set of questions it opens up an additional set of questions."Earlier he said the complete story when revealed is "going to be a humdinger."Asked whether the suspects entered the home planning to kill the couple Morgan said authorities do not know.Markham said earlier the family does not know any of the three suspects. She said the children "are coping very well" and are being cared for.They haven't asked too many questions, she said noting that several have disabilities. While the investigation continues the family is keeping the children's whereabouts a secret.CNN's David Mattingly contributed to this report. WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Shouting from the audience. Holding up signs blasting the health care reform bill before Congress. Frequent hissing and booing.Many Facebook and Twitter users condemned Rep. Joe Wilson for his outburst toward President Obama.Though it sounds like behavior at one of the health care town hall meetings last month it was how some Republicans reacted to President Obama's speech to a joint session of Congress on Wednesday night.But Norm Ornstein a longtime observer of Congress and an expert at the American Enterprise Institute said the tone and behavior from members of Congress are not necessarily new.A lot of what went on [Wednesday] night has become fairly typical of what we've seen in the State of the Union messages over the last 10 or 12 years, where it's one side jumping up wildly and the other side sitting on their hands in stony silence.The most memorable moment came from Rep. Joe Wilson R-South Carolina who shouted "You lie" after the president said that a Democratic-sponsored health care bill would not cover illegal immigrants.Ornstein said that in addition to being beyond the bounds of what is typical Wilson's comment is "just sort of stunning in the level of disrespect for not just the president but the presidency."  Watch more of Wilson's outburst »During several moments in Obama's speech members of the GOP hissed and yelled at the president as he laid out his plan for reform. One Republican held a sign saying "What bill?"House Minority Whip Eric Cantor R-Virginia was seen several times typing on his phone during the speech.Vice President Joe Biden told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Thursday that he was "embarrassed for the chamber and a Congress I love."Observers said the behavior is probably indicative of the vitriolic sentiments found during town hall meetings.I think a lot of those Republican members went home to their district and were met with very angry reaction from their constituents. Congress, as you know, is pretty polarized, said Kasie Hunt a health care reporter for National Journal's Congress Daily. "I think in some ways that's what you really saw last night: the degree of acceptance of that angry discord that we've really hadn't seen in a long time."Hunt said there is still a lot of misunderstanding among Republican members of Congress.John O'Connor who covers politics for The State newspaper in South Carolina said that a lot of Wilson's anger mirrors what many feel in his home state.I think he feels the way a lot of people in South Carolina feel about [health care reform]. They're suspicious. They're worried. There's some fear out there about what could happen.But O'Connor points out that South Carolina tends to be more conservative than other states and Wilson's town halls were generally civil.Rep. Wilson, however, held a town hall meeting in Columbia where, for the most part, there was a pretty reasoned debate, he added. "There were folks on both sides raising issues asking questions."Still it might have been Wilson's constituents' anger and distrust that contributed to the outburst in Congress O'Connor noted.His takeaway from that was that people support his stance, which was to oppose any version of what he's calling Obamacare, he said. "So despite the fact that there was clearly some support in that audience for doing something about health care and health insurance he kind of had a different impression of what the majority of the crowd thought."Could Wilson face any trouble for his comments Wednesday night? Unlikely according to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi.Pelosi said Thursday that there is a procedure that could have been implemented to strike Wilson's "lie" comment from the record. But she said the president did the right thing in continuing on and not giving it "any more attention than it deserved."Pelosi indicated that she would not press the issue farther.As far as I'm concerned, the episode was unfortunate. Mr. Wilson has apologized. It's time for us to talk about health care and not Mr. Wilson, she said.Political observers in South Carolina opine that the comment heard around the world "was a little surprising."This is not his personality. He's not a guy who tends to make a lot of inflammatory statements. You expect that a lot more from Rep. DeMint [Republican from South Carolina] than Wilson for sure, O'Connor added.Wilson said Thursday that his outburst was simply "spontaneous."  Watch Obama's full speech »Meanwhile the controversy surrounding him -- and anger on both sides of the aisle to his statement -- has helped his opponent in the 2010 midterm election.The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee said Thursday afternoon that since Wilson's comment his Democratic opponent former Marine Rob Miller received 11000 individual grass-roots contributions and raised more than $400000.During the 2008 election when support for Democrats and Obama was high Wilson faced a tough slog against Miller.The Republican who represents the 2nd Congressional District including most of Columbia and parts east won 54 percent of the vote to Miller's 46 percent.Ornstein added that Wilson's comment was an "incredibly dumb thing to do" for the broader picture of the Republican Party.It was a gift, in a way, to Barack Obama, he said. "To independent voters out there this just underscored the notion that you've got a party that is unremittingly hostile to the president that has no interest in negotiating or finding common ground." (CNN) -- In anticipation of more flooding next week residents of Fargo North Dakota began stacking sandbags Wednesday for the second time in just over two weeks along the banks of the Red River.A trucker relaxes April 1 on sandbag pallets in Fargo North Dakota  which is preparing for more flooding.They hoped to fill 1 million said Fargo spokeswoman Karena Lunday.If we get a million, that will be a total of 4 million we've made since the flood started, she said.The first sandbag effort began about March 23. The Red River crested at nearly 41 feet at Fargo on March 28 breaking a record that had held since 1897 when the Red River reached 40.1 feet.The National Weather Service issued a flood warning Tuesday predicting that melting snow -- and possibly rain -- will start to raise river levels on the Red River south of Oslo Minnesota this week.Lunday said forecasters expected the river to crest there between April 16-18 possibly reaching 35 feet on April 14.I don't think people are as worried as they were the last time, but the possibility of getting up to 40 feet is a concern, Lunday told CNN.The Red River meanders along the border between North Dakota and Minnesota so many other cities also were bracing for flooding. (CNN)Everybody on the planet knows that Gene Roddenberry created Mr. Spock the laconic imperturbable extra-terrestrial First Officer for the Starship Enterprise.But Mr. Spock doesn't belong to Roddenberry even though he is the grand exalted progenitor of everything that was is and forever will be "Star Trek."Mr. Spock belongs to Leonard Nimoy who died Friday at age 83. And though he doesn't take Spock with him he and Spock remain inseparable.Zachary Quinto who plays Spock in the re-booted feature film incarnation of "Trek is excellent in the role. (Nimoy himself said so.) Quinto must know that however much he brings to the role, he will only be its custodian. Spock is Nimoy. Nimoy is Spock. It is, as Spock himself would intone, only logical.

Nimoy often insisted otherwise, especially as the show went from canceled outcast to global phenomenon. He even wrote a book with the title, I Am Not Spock" (1977) that was bought by millions of readers who didn't buy the title for a nanosecond. By 1995 he cried "uncle" by publishing a followup autobiography "I Am Spock." In the years before and since he carried his character's legacy with the grace and class he exhibited in other areas of his life.And the life of Leonard Nimoy irrespective of Spock was a rich and varied feast. Those two "Spock" books weren't the only things he'd published. A couple of books of poetry are also credited to him as were a collection of photographs celebrating what he termed "the feminine aspect of God."Which reminds me. Nimoy had a hand so to speak in creating one of Spock's most indelible traits: The "live-long-and-prosper" split-finger salute that Nimoy had borrowed from an approximation of the Hebrew letter shin the first letter in the word Shaddai one of the Hebrew names for God.Roddenberry didn't think of that. Nimoy did. And in doing so made an implausible character as much a part of our waking dreams as members of our own family.He also directed movies two of which were part of the "Trek" franchise: 1984's "The Search for Spock" and 1986's "The Voyage Home."I got to meet him when the latter film opened. It was at a press conference that was part of the promotional junket in Los Angeles and Nimoy was very un-Spock-like in his jocular freewheeling enthusiasm for the movie (which was in fact one of the very best certainly the warmest of the big-screen "Trek" iterations.)He could not stop smiling not even when one of the reporters asked him about a scene in the film that catches Spock in an impromptu grin. (It vanished once the movie opened in theaters.) He looked like a man who knew he was going to soon have a lot more money than he'd had a week or a day before -- though anyone with a brain knew he wasn't going to squander any of it on trivial things. He was Nimoy and he was Spock. And they were serious men with serious thoughts.Still it was always nice to know Nimoy could smile even if Spock couldn't. Conservative Republicans are painting Latino immigrants as Ebola carriers to fan the anti-immigration reform movement but health experts say those fears are grossly overstated.Officials say there have been no reported cases of Ebola-infected migrants entering the United States through Mexico and border authorities reject claims that the border is not secure. Still many politicians continue to raise the alarm seeking to derail immigration reform -- already delayed several times by Congress and the President.On Thursday former Massachusetts senator and now New Hampshire Senate candidate Scott Brown said that he doesn't want undocumented immigrants crossing the U.S.-Mexico border because they might be carrying Ebola.One of the reasons why I've been so adamant about closing our border, because if people are coming through normal channels -- can you imagine what they can do through our porous borders? Brown said in a radio interview.Republican candidate Thom Tillis running for a Senate seat in North Carolina said in a debate on Tuesday that the United States should seal its border with Mexico to prevent the spread of Ebola while Rand Paul the Kentucky senator and potential presidential candidate in 2016 said last week that the southern border is not secure enough to keep out Ebola.The countries most affected by the virus are Sierra Leone Guinea and Liberia in West Africa. According to Carl Meacham director of the America's program at the Center for Strategic & International Studies the largest communities of West Africans in Latin America can be found in Brazil and the Caribbean -- not Central America where the majority of immigrants who illegally cross the border are from.Julio Varela founder of Latino Rebels an opinionated Latino-issues website questioned the motivation of such fears.I am starting to think that this is all some kind of mix-and-match game of fear, he said. "You take the most extreme examples of xenophobic hysteria -- Mexicans terrorists ISIS the border crisis and Ebola -- and mash them all together to create a new narrative of craziness he added.

The Ebolification of immigration reform has been going on for months.

In July, Georgia Republican Rep. Phil Gingrey, a medical doctor, wrote a letter to Dr. Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, expressing his concern that the influx of families and unaccompanied minors at the U.S.-Mexico border could pose a grave public health risk.

Reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as swine flu dengue fever Ebola virus and tuberculosis are particularly concerning he wrote.

Unaccompanied migrant children posed a particular risk, he said, because they could spread the disease too quickly to be controlled, once in the United States. He urged the CDC to immediately assess the situation and notify the public of risks.

During an August hearing of the House Foreign Affairs Committee's subcommittee on Africa, Frieden dismissed the possibility of Ebola reaching the United States via the southern border. That is not happening he said.

Other health officials agree with Frieden. They call threats, like the one Gingrey describes, as farfetched.

There has never been an outbreak of Ebola in Latin America, said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. That makes it extremely unlikely for a child or adult entering the United States via Mexico to be infected with the disease.

Unswayed by the medical community's assertions of safety, far-right  conservative politicians and their sympathizers have gone even further.

Fox News host Chris Wallace suggested that an Ebola infested terrorist could enter through the southern border and wage biological warfare. Meanwhile, Arkansas Republican Rep. Tom Cotton, currently running for Senate, said that terror groups are collaborating with drug cartels in Mexico.

Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson denied these allegations Thursday and warned against creating fear and anxiety in the public by passing on speculation and rumor.

Some Latino Republicans have tried to distance themselves from the Ebola and ISIS border fears.

I am saddened to see some conservatives use fear of deadly diseases to push an immigration restriction agenda. Their claims are generally vastly overblown and I am especially disappointed in Rep. Phil Gingrey who is a medical doctor and should know better said Bob Quasius, president of Café Con Leche Republicans.

 Washington (CNN) -- If the threat of underwear bombs became known last Christmas why did airport screeners only recently begin aggressively checking for them?The answer is two-fold Transportation Security Administration Director John Pistole told reporters Tuesday. First the lack of a permanent leader at the TSA hindered change he said. Secondly the agency needed time to train screeners on the new pat-down protocols.The threat of hidden bombs became instantly clear on December 25 2009 Pistole said when authorities arrested Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab a Nigerian man after his failed attempt to ignite his hidden explosive on a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit Michigan. TSA officials immediately started looking at what they needed to do to modify technology or pat downs to detect the bombs he said.But at that time the top job at TSA was filled by a career official. The White House delayed nominating a TSA chief and then White House and Congressional Republicans feuded for a year over nominees. Much of the debate centered on whether the nominees supported unionization of airport screeners. Two of President Obama's nominees withdrew from consideration.Frankly it just came down to the fact there was not a presidentially appointed, Senate-confirmed administrator in place until I was confirmed at the end of June to make a really significant decision like that, that would have impact on a number of people, Pistole said. "That was a big part of it."Pistole was sworn in as administrator in July and soon thereafter made the decision to go through "enhanced pat downs." Training time accounts for the rest of the delay as the TSA quietly began pilot programs in Boston Massachusetts and Las Vegas Nevada in August and rolled the program out nationwide in early November.Pistole consistently has said it was his decision to implement enhanced pat downs. He said he opted not to publicize them in advance because he felt to do so would be to give a "roadmap" to would-be terrorists.Implementation of the pat downs was further delayed because time was needed to train screeners on the new protocols he said.Those protocols are considered sensitive security information and have not been shared with the public.But Pistole said protocols do not allow for screeners to grope passengers.Pistole said some passenger descriptions of the procedures are "so wildly outside the standard operating protocols that it just absolutely should not be happening. If it is then we'll take appropriate action."If we receive any complaints from a passenger about something happening, then we immediately follow up both with that passenger and with our security officers, he said.Most airport checkpoints have closed circuit television systems which help investigators find out what happened he said.Videotape helped dispel one passenger's complaint that she was handcuffed to a chair and mistreated he said.If there's a security officer that did something that's not appropriate, then we take appropriate action. I just want to make sure that I have all the facts, Pistole said. NEW YORK (CNN) -- Defense and diplomacy were on full display when the United Nations secretary-general took to the soccer field in the first U.N. '"DiploMatch."It is very hard at my age to play soccer, said the 64-year-old Ban Ki-moon.Typically a Saturday evening soccer game with mostly middle-aged men wouldn't garner much attention unless an ambulance is required. But the recent match played between two modest teams of U.N. ambassadors and officials along with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was certainly not typical.The mood was competitive yet congenial as the dignitaries traded their suits for shorts and hit the soccer field at Chelsea Piers on a balmy New York evening April 25.Soccer is a sport that really can unite the people and generate enormous power and energy among people regardless of where you are coming from, Ban said. "When you follow the balls you just forget and you become one team and you become one nation. This is what we aim to achieve today."There was of course an underlying purpose behind the motivation to hit the pitch: support for a new charitable organization dedicated to advancing peace through the global reach and unifying power of soccer (also called football).  Watch Ban Ki-moon mix it up with diplomats on soccer field »British U.N. Ambassador John Sawers summed up the rationale motivating the event. "Soccer's the great world game and this is [the] United Nations the great world organization playing it for charity so it's a lot of fun."Football for reconciliation is the driving purpose of Play31 the organization behind the U.N. game. The group says the sport has the unique potential "to bring people together spread joy and to create healing in post-conflict societies."Its mission statement further explains "By donating footballs and facilitating community gatherings we contribute to the creation of peaceful societies where children can exercise their right to play."Play31 and "the right to play" are derived from Article 31 of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child. The 1989 summit sought to guarantee certain universal rights for children under 18 including "the right of the child to rest and leisure to engage in play and recreational activities appropriate to the age of the child and to participate freely in cultural life and the arts."Jakob Lund the 26-year-old founder and president of Play31 was inspired to launch his program after spending time in Sierra Leone a nation ravaged by 11 years of civil strife.We use soccer as a facilitator for people meeting each other and for people simply just interacting ... and I think that is something true for football is that it can transcend borders, languages, races, everything that we see can normally divide people -- on the football field, it can unite them, and that's what is so special.Added the enthusiastic U.N. ambassador from Paraguay Eladio Loizaga who contributed two goals in the first half for his team: "I mean I didn't expect that! Two goals! I tried to put my best tonight for the children and for the event."Radhika Coomaraswamy special representative for children in armed conflict said "there is really something to do with children that really brings the United Nations together."Ban also emphasized the plight of children as an important priority on the U.N. agenda. "This is a very small symbolic event but though it may be small this will I hope demonstrate our solidarity to those people many young children who are in war-torn countries who really want some hope from the international community. I hope this will help."But even with all the togetherness for a good cause settling disputes on the pitch versus the halls of the United Nations had to have been a different experience for the ambassadors. Sawers explained "these guys I spend my days from Monday to Friday negotiating with and we have fun on weekends so this is us having fun."Chile's Ambassador Heraldo Muñoz one of the team captains elaborated. "Getting out of the U.N. and of negotiations and speeches ... is quite good. I think it should say something about humanity that we are not only diplomats but we are also football players and poets and writers."The other team was led by Ambassador Christian Wenaweser of Liechtenstein. Wenaweser was quite impressed with one particular participant expressing how he thought the secretary-general's performance was "amazing."He gave up his right to rest for this, and I think it's amazing. And he played well; he had good positioning, good defense. It was great, Wenaweser said.Laughing Ban responded to reactions about his defensive prowess. "When the ball comes to me then I have to defend my team so that was very very difficult. But I think I have defended well."The 64 year-old secretary-general played nearly the entire game mixing it up with fellow U.N. dignitaries.It is very hard at my age to play soccer, Ban conceded. "It's very hard but I feel very much a sense of full excitement and energy."Ban's dogged defense clearly made an impact. However the secretary-general couldn't resist his role as the world's lead diplomat even on the football field and changed teams at halftime.Diplomatically the score was not recorded although observers said Team Lichtenstein was the victor.Ban played defense the entire time except when he came off for a couple breathers. When he came off in the first half the other team quickly scored three goals. (CNN) -- Watch out! Lock up your loved ones! Another bloated over-produced high-concept monstrosity has escaped from the labs at Dreamworks Animation and it's out to devour your kids.Susan aka "Ginormica has to save the world in Monsters vs. Aliens."But don't be too alarmed. "Monsters vs. Aliens" is relatively harmless -- a toothless satire with a knee-jerk feminist theme and a sorry excuse for a plot.That sounds harsh I know. Who doesn't want to see a 50-foot woman careening through San Francisco on skates that turn out to be automobiles -- the ultimate demolition roller derby?But think about that just for a second. Roller skates work because they have fixed wheels. Try it with motorcars and you won't get very far.Is that too picky? Perhaps but you wouldn't find Pixar playing so fast and loose with the laws of physics and that kind of inattention to detail is typical of the lackadaisical storytelling here and in other Dreamworks animated features. (The talent pool for this one includes the directors of "Shrek 2" and "Shark Tale" and the writers of "Kung Fu Panda" and "The Rocker incidentally.) High concepts, top-notch voice talent and scattershot pop cultural references are no compensation for a coherent script.

The XXXL lady in question -- dubbed Ginormica" by her U.S. military guards -- starts out plain and petite Susan Murphy (voiced by Reese Witherspoon) until a meteorite hits her just minutes before she's supposed to tie the knot with unctuous chauvinist Derek (Paul Rudd).Her rapid growth spurt saves her from that particular fate worse than death even if at first glance her new roommates don't look like much of an improvement.There's Dr. Cockroach (Hugh Laurie) a mad scientist who semi-advertently mutated with a bug; B.O.B. (Seth Rogen) an amorphous blue jelly-like blob who gets on just fine without a brain; Missing Link (Will Arnett) a gung-ho amphibian who's all mouth; and a giant dust mite called Insectosaurus who isn't voiced by anyone because he doesn't have anything to say.Sci-fi fans will have fun counting off the references to myriad classics -- "Close Encounters of the Third Kind Invaders from Mars The Fly The Creature from the Black Lagoon The Blob Mothra" and "Attack of the 50-Foot Woman for starters -- and noting a few clever bits and pieces (Kiefer Sutherland, as General W.R. Monger, riffs on George C. Scott in Dr. Strangelove").The trouble is once the introductions are over the filmmakers can only launch their desperately limp plot: The White House turns to these monstrous superheroes to save the planet from evil Gallaxhar (Rainn Wilson) a squidlike creature with four eyes and twice as many legs and a one-eyed tin robot to do his dirty work for him.Ginormica gets a kick-butt finale and is a much stronger character -- in any number of ways -- than the movie's president. (In a genuinely witty casting touch he's voiced by Stephen Colbert.)That may be good politics or at least a sound marketing decision from the studio's perspective -- it's been awhile since a family animated feature produced a genuinely strong female character (unless you count "Coraline which was way too scary for my family) -- but Susan's self-esteem is an awfully long time coming. iReport.com: What do you think of 'Monsters vs. Aliens'?

(Bizarrely -- and maybe it's just my imagination -- Gallaxhar bears a passing resemblance to President Obama. I wonder ... would that make Susan/Ginormica a surrogate for Sarah Palin or Hillary Clinton?)

Visually, too, Monsters vs Aliens" is undistinguished although its shortcomings may be disguised if you seek out the 3-D version. Funny how 3-D movies tend to produce two-dimensional characters with "Coraline" again the exception to the rule.Jocular and unpretentiously trashy "Monsters vs. Aliens" should be a lot of fun -- and it is in places. But the truth is it's as hung up on itself as Susan's preening fiance. Hand on heart I had a better time at "Space Chimps."Monsters vs. Aliens runs 94 minutes and is rated PG. For Entertainment Weekly's take click here. (CNN) -- While Real Madrid signed Gareth Bale in the summer's highest-profile football transfer and added several other big names Manchester United fans were left largely underwhelmed by the Premier League champion's moves in the off-season.They might be even more disappointed after learning how much United made in its last fiscal year -- and therefore had to spend.The record 20-time league winner in England -- self described as "one of the most popular and successful sports teams in the world" -- announced record revenues of $580 million for the year ended June 30 2013 and said commercial revenues soared to a record $244 million.It left executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward who replaced David Gill in the United hierarchy to declare on United's website: "It has been a little over a year since our IPO (initial public offering) and in that time we have delivered on our targets and objectives.Our commercial business continues to be a very powerful engine of growth enabling the team to continue to be successful.But United in its first season without legendary manager Alex Ferguson was largely quiet under new boss David Moyes and Woodward as it defends its Premier League title signing just Marouane Fellaini and relatively unknown Uruguayan Guillermo Varela.United was linked with Cristiano Ronaldo Cesc Fabregas Ander Herrera and Leighton Baines -- who all stayed put with their current clubs.It's been pretty disappointing, said Andy Green a United supporter who tweets about football finances. "I don't think it's Moyes' fault. He gives his targets to the club. I don't think he should be held accountable at all."Meanwhile city rival Manchester City bought four key players prior to August Chelsea swooped for the likes of Samuel Eto'o and Willian and Arsenal smashed its transfer record by purchasing Mesut Ozil from Real Madrid for more than $65 million.Tottenham splashed out on more than half-a-dozen stars attempting to make up for the loss of Bale.United's commercial acumen isn't of value because it doesn't lead to a bigger stadium, lower ticket prices or better players, said Green. "You have all these commercial deals but it's no benefit to the football club."United has made a lukewarm start to the league season winning two of its four games although it began its Champions League campaign with a win Tuesday against Bayer Leverkusen.United is "delighted to have David Moyes lead our football team into a new and exciting chapter Woodward said. We look forward to a successful 2013/14 both on and off the pitch." (Mashable) -- HP has announced a major new initiative and a slew of new devices that enable users to print from any device to a web-enabled printer by simply using e-mail.The idea -- which builds off the Google Cloud Print announcement we saw back in April -- starts with giving each printer its own unique e-mail address.That printer's owner (and their designated family friends and colleagues) can then print documents by sending it an email from a smartphone from a tablet or any other device that allows it. Called HP ePrint the technology eliminates the need for installing drivers and enables a variety of new apps and services.Putting Documents in the CloudThe new printers that HP is unveiling today along with ePrint can connect directly to Google Cloud using their touchscreen interface. That means users can print Google Docs directly from the cloud without using their desktop computer as well as scan documents directly to their Google Docs account. Other Google services like Calendar and Picasa for photos are also supported. Similarly Box.net and Docstoc users can also retrieve and push documents to and from the cloud through new print apps.A New Opportunity for PublishersAnother area HP is exploring with the ePrint concept is scheduled delivery. This allows users to get content printed at specific times -- for example getting a customized daily newspaper printed out every morning that they can take with them on the train. MSNBC has signed on as a partner to pilot this concept and HP has teamed with Yahoo to sell the ads which you can imagine could include a mix of contextual advertising and locally relevant promotions and coupons.Another Platform for DevelopersBeyond productivity and news initial apps include Facebook for printing photos and events and MapQuest for printing maps and directions. HP also sees a big opportunity for providing different types of activities for parents and kids and to that end has signed on Crayola for coloring pages and PBS for a variety of education-driven printing. As for the market size for developers here HP says it expects to ship "tens of millions of web-connected printers" by the end of next year. Currently developers interested in building apps need to apply for access to HP's SDK.Why's HP Doing This?Beyond selling printers HP needs to sell ink. With more and more types of documents getting digitized and smartphones replacing former functions of printers (think coupons and tickets) HP needs new ways to drive printer usage.Web-connected printers fill this need in a few ways. First they connect to the ever growing cloud for business users and make their lives easier. Second the email-to-print concept clearly has the potential to drive new kinds of usage both from business users and consumers who do things like print photos and news. Finally there's also opportunities for developers to create sticky apps -- perhaps not on the scale we've seen in mobile but with HP betting the future of its printers on web connectivity you can bet we'll see some big winners emerge from the developer community.HP will dive into these topics at apress conference this morning to kick off Internet Week New York where I'll be moderating a panel with a number of the players involved in the new ePrint initiative. We'll try and bring you video of the discussion later on.Disclosure: HP is a sponsor of Mashable's Internet Week New York channel.© 2013 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved. So many hours of talks so little progress.Despite two days of intensive negotiations Iran and six world powers "remain far apart" on Tehran's controversial nuclear program EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Saturday in Kazakhstan.Her words dashed hopes that the deadlock might be broken after what had seemed more promising talks back in February also in the Kazakh city of Almaty.Iran's top nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili acknowledged there was "some distance" between Iran and the six powers but seemed more positive in his assessment.Good negotiations had taken place in this round of talks Jalili said which he described as "substantive expansive and comprehensive."But in a sign that progress was limited no date or location has been set for new talks.This round was just the latest in a decade-long attempt to resolve differences between Iran and the international community over Tehran's nuclear ambitions.The first day of talks proved inconclusive. By the end of Saturday despite "long and intensive discussions the two sides were no closer on agreeing on confidence-building measures, Ashton told reporters.

It became clear that the positions of (the world powers) and Iran remain far apart on the substance she said.

We therefore agreed all sides will go back to their capitals to evaluate where we stand on the process."Ashton said she would be in touch with Jalili "very soon in order to see how to go forward."While Ashton said these were the most detailed discussions that the two sides had had with "a real back-and-forward between us she also made clear that she was disappointed by the lack of progress made.

A senior U.S. administration official said Jalili directly engaged him in a 30- to 40-minute question-and-answer exchange in the middle of Saturday's plenary meeting.

The quality of the discussion was different because there was this back and forth this Q and A the official said. We just went back and forth with him."Still the official expressed disappointment saying that Iran had "put forward some minimal ideas and expected great return and quite disproportionate return."Britain too took a hard line after the talks.The UK went to Kazakhstan ready with our partners to negotiate in good faith with Iran, British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement. "Iran's current position falls far short of what is needed to achieve a diplomatic breakthrough."When negotiators from the diplomatic bloc of six nations -- the United States France Britain Germany China and Russia -- last sat down with Iran's envoy in Almaty in February they delivered what they characterized as a "fair and balanced offer" to defuse tensions over the Iranian nuclear program.Instead of delivering the "concrete response" Western governments had expected Iran announced it was making its own proposal to the negotiating parties.'Two-way street'Jalili said Iran had tabled a proposal based on the discussions in Almaty and a previous meeting in Moscow -- and that it is now down to the six world powers to respond and show their "willingness to take appropriate confidence-building steps in the future."He repeated Tehran's position that Iran has the right to a peaceful nuclear program.Creating confidence is a two-way street, he said. Now after many proposals put forward by Iran it's the turn of the six world powers to respond he said.Jalili's comments on Iran's enrichment of uranium -- one of the most contentious issues at stake -- reaffirmed Tehran's right to pursue that track but also appeared to leave the door open to some kind of negotiation.Enrichment is part of the rights of the Iranian people, whether we're talking about 5% or 20% ... however, this can be an issue that can create further confidence, he said.Jalili added that "hostile behaviors" directed toward Iran were detrimental to building confidence.This was presumably a reference to the draconian sanctions imposed by Western governments against Tehran which are crippling the Iranian economy. Oil exports have plummeted over the past several years as has the value of Iran's currency.The purpose of any sanctions is to put pressure in order to get this process to work, said Ashton. "And I believe we should continue to work as hard as we possibly can to make sure we are successful and we reach a satisfactory resolution."Questions fly around any plan to attack IranThe so-called P5+1 governments are demanding that Iran come clean about its nuclear program which they suspect includes covert development of nuclear weapons.Iran consistently denies those charges arguing it is enriching uranium and building nuclear reactors only for peaceful civilian energy needs.Details of last February's offer from the six countries represented across the negotiating table from Iran have not yet been made public.Last month technical experts from Iran and the P5+1 countries met for more than 12 hours in Istanbul to discuss the proposal.Iran's deputy chief negotiator said the Iranian proposal tabled Friday was based on a previous PowerPoint presentation that the Iranian delegation submitted during a round of talks in Moscow in June 2012.The Islamic Republic of Iran proposed a practical method to implement the Moscow plan in a smaller scale, Ali Baghery said in a statement issued to journalists Friday. The offer he said was aimed at establishing "a new bedrock of cooperation."A call for 'concrete actions'Washington has vowed it will continue to put pressure on Tehran.As long as Iran does not take concrete steps to address the concerns of the international community about its nuclear program, the dual-track process continues. And that pressure only will increase if Iran does not begin to take concrete steps and concrete actions, said a senior U.S. administration official in a telephone briefing to journalists this week. The official spoke on condition of anonymity.Iran argues that as a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty development of nuclear technology is an inalienable right.On the eve of the two-day talks in Kazakhstan Jalili repeated this position in a speech given at a university in Almaty.It is the right of the Iranian people to peaceful nuclear energy and most importantly to enrichment, Jalili said.A report recently published by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace concluded that sanctions are unlikely to force Tehran to give up its nuclear program.The report titled "Iran's Nuclear Odyssey highlighted the fact that Tehran's quest for a nuclear program has been going on for more than half a century, beginning under the rule of the pro-American shah, Reza Pahlavi, and continuing under the revolutionary Islamic republic that overthrew him.

The program's cost -- measured in lost foreign investment and oil revenue -- has been well over $100 billion Carnegie said.

 (The Frisky) -- Last night Nicole Scherzinger was the 10th star to claim the mirrored ball on "Dancing with the Stars." The lead Pussycat Doll went up against Olympic figure skater Evan Lysacek and ESPN anchor Erin Andrews and came out victorious. Many predicted that Scherzinger would win from the start based on her spectacular performances and stage presence not to mention her extensive dance history as a member of the Pussycat Dolls. But Lysacek and Andrews gave her a good run for her money bringing an enjoyable end to a season of controversy.Was it me or was season 10 the most exciting ever? Kate Gosselin's diva behavior Jake Pavelka's cornball glances at Vienna Girardi and Nicole's spats with Pamela Anderson made it must-watch TV not to mention Elisabeth Hasselbeck's major snafu regarding Erin Andrews' wardrobe.The show seriously picked the right contestants this time around. To help them out for season 11 here are the 15 stars we'd love to see do the rumba next.The Frisky: Kate Gosselin and 7 more celebs rejected by PlayboyKatie HolmesSo she might be a bit out of reach especially since Katie Holmes is stuck in the Tom Cruise isolation bubble but this could be a rebirth for her. Let's face it: Holmes has a lost some of her flair and she lets her daughter do most of the fancy dressing. "Dancing with the Stars" would allow Holmes to separate herself from TomKat and at least get her out of the house.Heidi Klum and SealThe couple has said in interviews that they are interested in joining "Dancing with the Stars." It would be good for everyone. Heidi Klum could get away from judging those sassy "Project Runway" stylists and rock some tacky sparkly clothes. Seal could get back on the radar for something other than being Klum's husband. And the show could get to play off the drama of having a competing couple.The Frisky: 10 top models without makeupOprah WinfreyOprah may be leaving her iconic television show behind but that doesn't mean she can't move on to something else. She needs to think of all the fans she has been shepherding for so many years! Honestly with the number of women who look to her for advice on what to eat read and wear -- I don't think there's any way she could lose.Josh "Sawyer" HollowayNow that "Lost" is over people are going to have to find their dose of shirtless Sawyer somewhere else. We can sit around and watch old "Lost" clips but I think seeing him get sweaty and strip down in a samba would be a better alternative. Yes?The Frisky: 8 things I won't miss now that "Lost" is off the TV mapCeline DionBack in 2007 the Canadian songstress said that she was interested in doing the show. Why hasn't "DWTS" snatched her up yet? They have a pretty loose definition of "star and she would be one of their biggest grabs. I am picturing a Titanic"-themed waltz to "My Heart Would Go On." It would be cheesily epic.Betty WhiteThis lady is 2010's big thing and rightfully so. Betty White is adorable feisty and totally held her own on "Saturday Night Live" this month. If White ends up in a set of dancing shoes I am officially dubbing her the coolest grandma ever.The Frisky: 10 summer dresses under $50Johnny WeirSo Evan Lysacek gave it his shot and got to the final three but I think Johnny Weir could take it all the way. Throughout the Olympics he was known for bringing theatricality and flair to all his performances. The dance floor is the only other place that I can think of that could capture Weir's signature brand of pizzazz. Plus we'd get the added perks of more self-designed outfits and seeing him get to beat Lysacek at something.Sarah SilvermanThe comedian just had her show on Comedy Central canceled so now it is time to dance the pain away. Sarah Silverman strikes us as sort of klutzy but I am sure that can be smoothed out by the tender footsteps of Tony or Derek. Silverman is sure to make the sometimes exhaustive judging process a little more entertaining.Bob SagetBetween "Full House" and "America's Funniest Home Videos Bob Saget seems like quite the family man. But I have heard rumors that in real life he has a dirty sense of humor. Maybe Saget could reroute that crudeness into sexy dance moves? It would be a good mix of amusing and awkward, since a lot of viewers probably couldn't see past Saget as anyone other than Daddy Tanner.

Dr. Drew

It is time for Dr. Drew to add something else to his resume other than harassing addicted celebrities and pregnant teens. The Doc needs to come to the dance floor and switch from psychoanalysis to polka.

The Frisky: See 10 stars who've worn ankle alcohol monitors [SCRAMs]

Ryan Seacrest

American Idol" is finally starting to see a decline while "Dancing with the Stars" just had one of its most successful seasons. Now I haven't taken math since high school but it seems like it is time for Seacrest to think about switching teams. A little bit of fancy footwork could be just what he needs though they would have to make it clear he couldn't host the show.Sarah FergusonThe Duchess herself has said she wants to be on the show because her kids love to watch her dance. Now that she is stuck in the middle of a bribery controversy she could use "DTWS" for image revitalization. Though there is a chance not even "Dancing with the Stars" could save her from this royal mess.Kendra WilkinsonSpeaking of image revitalization Kendra Wilkinson could use a little help right now. Her sex tape has just hit the market and with a rumored second one on the way Kendra needs to get people's minds off these tapes and onto something else. And she already proved on her former reality show "The Girls Next Door" that she definitely can "shake her booty."The Frisky: Pro tennis player's breast reduction deflates her fan baseMr. TMr. T had a brief fling as a rapper and now it is time for him to reach triple threat territory. I pity the fool who don't vote for him. With the movie remake of "A-Team" out soon he needs to make sure viewers know who the real B.A. Baracus is.TM & © 2010 TMV Inc. | All Rights Reserved Rye New York (CNN) -- What was meant to be a celebration marking the end of Ramadan turned into a melee at an amusement park on Tuesday when a group of Muslim women were told they weren't allowed on certain rides with their headscarves.Rye Playland was full of visitors celebrating Eid al-Fitr when the festive mood turned angry. Westchester County Police said the women wearing the hijab a traditional Muslim headscarf became argumentative when park employees enforced the no-headgear policy and men sprang to their defense.(The rule) didn't get relayed to the people who attended, so some people got upset, said Westchester County Police Capt. Thomas Gleason.Fifteen people were arrested and two charged with felony assault after two park rangers sustained minor injuries.Among those arrested were three women wearing the hijab. Police shut down the park for several hours during the incident.It had to do with headgear. People -- patrons -- are not allowed to wear headgear on rides for safety reasons, Gleason said.Zead Ramadan spokesman for the New York chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) said members of the Muslim American Society who had organized the outing asked him to come to the park to mediate. Ramadan said the women felt they had been targeted by park employees because of their religious views.They're the most obvious Muslims around because they have hijabs on. They felt they were discriminated against, Ramadan said.Maybe there was a level of frustration that went around across the board, Ramadan said. "Then you have the parks people who are trying to explain this and do their job."Ramadan said he saw a cell-phone video showing police "yanking a hijabi-wearing woman out of the crowd."She was very small. They turn her around and throw her down on the ground. Ramadan said that's when the crowd got very angry.Nobody was assaulted prior to the police being called, and that in itself is a problem, Ramadan said.Gleason said he was aware "there was some cell-phone footage and maybe some video

There's no official video that we have released at this time he said. There are some videos in the park that we're retaining for our own information."Gleason said he had seen seen "bits and pieces" of phone footage from the incident.He said park officials told the Muslim organizers about the headgear ban but that information wasn't relayed to the group of visitors.Ramadan chalked the whole incident up to "miscommunication."The women felt they were being targeted, but in fact these were safety precautions, he said. "And maybe (the park) didn't do the best job in disclosing those precautions."But Westchester County Parks Deputy Commissioner Peter Tartaglia says the policy was made abundantly clear to the group's organizer and that the rules are clearly posted.We repeatedly told him, because we knew this group would have religious headgear, Tartaglia insisted adding that a refund booth was set up in case anyone objected to the policy which he said is posted prominently in the park.There's a sign at every ride, Tartaglia said. "When you enter the park there's a height line and it lists headgear policy.What triggered the incident was fighting within the group and the subject was why they didn't know the policy, said Tartaglia adding that he arrived at the scene about 20 minutes after the fight broke out. He said police were called when it appeared the altercation could lead to a riot.Ride safety precautions posted on its website include the following safety rule:Hats must be secured, and jackets/sweaters must be worn properly and not around the waist while on a ride. Some rides do not allow backpacks, purses or head gear of any kind.Rye Playland also known as Playland Amusement Park is located about 17 miles northeast of the Bronx in Westchester County. BANGKOK Thailand (CNN) -- An Australian author was sentenced Monday to three years in prison in Thailand after falling foul of a Thai law that makes it a crime to insult the country's royal family.Harry Nicolaides behind the bars of a Thai holding cell on Monday.Harry Nicolaides was arrested last August over a 2005 book called "Verisimilitude which includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince that the authorities deemed a violation of the Lese Majeste law.

Nicolaides, 41, was bombarded with questions from foreign journalists as he arrived at the court Monday, wearing shackles as he stepped from a prison bus. In tears, he said he would plead guilty.

Truth is stranger than fiction he said. It's been an ordeal for months. It feels like a bad dream."  Watch shackled Nicolaides at court »The Thai Criminal Court originally sentenced Nicolaides to six years in jail but cut the punishment in half because of the guilty plea. He listened calmly as the verdict was translated to him.After hearing his verdict Nicolaides said: "I wish my family the best."  Watch Nicolaides' brother's reaction »One of his lawyers said no decision had been made about whether to appeal or seek a royal pardon. King Bhumibol Adulydej has pardoned foreigners in other similar cases in the past.CNN has chosen not to repeat the allegations made by Nicolaides because it could result in CNN staff being prosecuted in Thailand.Nicolaides had been living in Thailand since 2003 lecturing at two universities about tourism.He was about to leave Thailand when he was arrested on August 31 last year. It is not clear why the authorities waited three years after the publication of his book to bring charges against him.I think there are individuals who have exploited an obscure law for their own self-interest, he said.Only 50 copies of the book were published and only seven were sold.The law Nicolaides was convicted of breaking is section 112 known as the Lese Majeste law.It says: "Whoever defames insults or threatens the King the Queen the Heir-apparent or the Regent shall be punished with imprisonment of three to fifteen years."Thailand's king is highly revered in this Buddhist nation but even he has said in the past that he can be criticized.Thailand's new prime minister Abhisit Vejjajiva also told CNN he is concerned about the misuse of the Lese Majeste law.There are cases in the past where this law has been abused for political purposes, and I agree this has to stop, he said.Despite the rhetoric there's little sign the prime minister will change the law. Other cases are pending against both foreigners and Thais.CNN's Dan Rivers and Kocha Olarn in Bangkok contributed to this report (Mental Floss) -- There was a time when movie props were worthless. When a film wrapped the studio would often recycle props and costumes for use in other films or sometimes simply throw them away.But that's changed over the years and now movie collectibles are a big business with high-profile props going for hundreds of thousands of dollars.Unfortunately when you start talking that kind of money there are bound to be a few crooked characters who will do whatever it takes to get their hands on a piece of Hollywood history.1. Has anyone questioned the flying monkeys?It's believed there were six or seven pairs of Dorothy's famous ruby red slippers made for the production of the 1939 film "The Wizard of Oz". Of those the location of four pairs is currently known including one that resides in the Smithsonian.The Judy Garland Museum in Grand Rapids Minnesota had their own pair until the shoes were stolen one night in August 2005. The case went cold until this past April when police received a tip that a resident in Homer Glen Illinois had not only bragged about paying someone to steal the slippers but openly displayed the shoes in a glass box.Police raided the alleged thief's house but didn't find the ruby red shoes. For now the case remains open and the shoes are still at-large.2. "Easy Rider" choppers choppedThere are few motorcycles more iconic than the ones ridden by Peter Fonda and the late great Dennis Hopper in their counterculture classic "Easy Rider."There were four custom motorcycles built for the film -- two copies of each bike including the "Captain America" chopper ridden by Fonda featuring a star-spangled fuel tank and an extra long fork for the front wheels.One of the Captain America bikes was destroyed during filming while the other three motorcycles were stolen from a storage garage before the film was even in the can.Obviously the bikes weren't famous yet so they were presumably stripped and sold for parts. The thieves left the damaged Captain America bike which was later restored and now resides at the National Motorcycle Museum in Anamosa Iowa.Mental Floss: What 10 Movie Props Later Sold For3. The man without the golden gunIn the 1974 movie "The Man with the Golden Gun James Bond takes on Scaramanga, an expert assassin who charges $1 million per kill.

The hitman's signature is a custom-made, solid gold gun that can be cleverly disassembled and disguised as everyday items like a cigarette case, a lighter, a pen, and a cuff link. There were three prop guns made for the film -- one that came apart, another that didn't come apart, and one that could fire a blank round.

In October 2008, one of these props (it's unclear which one it was) was discovered missing from its display case at Elstree Studios in Hertfordshire, England. Police still have no leads on the disappearance of the prop, worth an estimated £80,000 ($117,000) on the collector's black market.

4. The case of the missing Maltese Falcon"There were a handful of falcon statues made for the 1941 noir classic "The Maltese Falcon" starring Humphrey Bogart as Dashiell Hammett's famous private eye Sam Spade.Over the years nearly all original models of the bird have been lost making the few remaining copies very valuable -- including one that sold for nearly $400000 in 1994.For promotional purposes plaster casts of the bird were made upon the film's release and Elisha Cook Jr. a character actor who played a henchman in the film got his hands on one. His copy of the bird was later acquired by John's Grill in San Francisco a restaurant dedicated to Hammett who often wrote and ate there in the 1930s. The replica bird was on display for years sitting on the second floor in a display case for all to see. That is of course until the day it disappeared in 2007.Mental Floss: Who Invented the Gatorade shower?After the falcon went missing John's Grill offered a no-questions-asked reward of $25000 to the person who brought it back but no one came forward. The owner could have easily gotten a good replacement replica off eBay for a few hundred bucks but he took a different approach instead. He put the $25000 towards the creation of a new original design of the Maltese Falcon that is a more stylized interpretation than the one used in the 1941 film.The new statue is five inches taller than the original and weighs around 150 pounds three times heavier than the plaster replica that was stolen. To ensure this bird doesn't go missing it's been bolted down and is monitored 24/7 by closed-circuit cameras. With that much security the next time someone messes with this Maltese Falcon it won't take Sam Spade to crack the case.5. Well that's one way to get an OscarIn March 2000 a few guys got their hands on the ultimate movie collector's item when they stole 55 Oscars just days before the Academy Awards ceremony.Anthony Hart a dock worker at delivery company Roadway Express conspired with a fellow employee truck driver Lawrence Ladent to load 10 boxes of Oscars onto Ladent's truck. Ladent then took the statues to the home of accomplice John Harris for safekeeping until they could line up black market buyers.However the men got spooked by the publicity surrounding the missing statues and dumped the boxes in an alleyway instead. Shortly after Harris' half-brother Willie Fulgear found 52 of the Oscars while rummaging through the trash looking for packing boxes to use during a move.After reporting his find to police Fulgear collected a $50000 reward from Roadway Express but the other men didn't make out quite so well. Anthony Hart received the lightest sentence with three years probation. John Harris was sentenced to six months in jail three years probation and had to pay $921 to the Academy in restitution for the three missing statues. Lawrence Ledent was given six months in prison five years probation had to pay the Academy $1050 and pay Roadway Express the full amount of the reward they offered to Fulgear.As for the three missing Oscars one was found in 2003 during a Miami drug raid but the other two are still out there somewhere.Mental Floss: Where 10 Oscar winners keep their statues6. Big bucks in spandexApparently no one's spider-sense was tingling when crooks made off with four hand-made superhero suits from the set of the first Spider-Man film.Each Spider-Man costume valued at around $50000 a piece disappeared from a locked building on the Sony Pictures lot leading authorities to believe it was an inside job. Police received a tip from the ex-wife of a former security guard at Sony Jeffrey Gustafson who said he might be involved in the theft.Police searched Gustafson's home and found records indicating that one costume was at a friend's house two were traced to a collector in New York and the last one was in the collection of a man in Japan.Adding to Gustafson's woes police also found in his home a mannequin dressed in a $150000 Batman costume that went missing from the Warner Bros. lot in 1996. Not coincidentally Gustafson worked as a security guard at Warner Bros. at the time.For stealing the Spidey suits Gustafson got 9 months in jail 5 years probation and had to pay $93000 in restitution.Mental Floss: Strange robberies: Madonna's bustier7. Do collectors dream of rubber handguns?As he's hunting android replicants in a dystopian future "Blade Runner's" Deckard played by Harrison Ford carries a strange-looking handgun that has captivated sci-fi fans for decades.The prop was custom-made using pieces from real firearms including a bolt action from a rifle two triggers various knobs and dials and even LED lights. To prevent their very expensive one-of-a-kind prop from breaking the producers made two solid rubber copies that were indistinguishable from the original at a distance and could be knocked around during stunt scenes without getting damaged.But during the shoot one of the dummy guns went missing and was never seen again.Oddly enough though about a month after the film was released highly accurate plastic replicas of Deckard's gun began appearing for sale on the collector's market. These knock-offs were so close to the ones used in the film that they must have been created using molds taken from the missing now presumed stolen dummy gun.While it's certain the thief made a pretty penny by selling the dummy gun he would have surely been better off stealing the custom-made gun instead -- it sold at auction in 2009 for $270000.Mental Floss: 10 weird pieces of unclaimed luggageFor more mental_floss articles visit mentalfloss.comEntire contents of this article copyright Mental Floss LLC. All rights reserved. Editor's note: Dr. Anthony S. Fauci is director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health.Dr. Anthony S. Fauci: Progress has been made in the fight against HIV/AIDS but "our work is just beginning."(CNN) -- When we commemorated the first World AIDS Day on December 1 1988 we had little to celebrate.The number of reported AIDS cases in the United States was nearing 80000 and rising rapidly. Untold thousands more in this country were living with the human immunodeficiency virus or HIV. Globally AIDS cases already had been reported from more than 135 countries. An AIDS tsunami clearly was looming but we had few defenses at our disposal.For those of us caring for people with AIDS it was a dark time. We had just one anti-HIV medicine in our pharmacies AZT a drug that the virus rapidly defeated by mutating and developing resistance. Lacking other medicines to slow the relentless replication of HIV and its destruction of a person's immune system we did our best to help our patients by managing to the extent possible their AIDS-related infections and complications. But the life span of most of the patients was measured in months.Two decades later much has changed. An unprecedented research effort has led to more than two dozen anti-HIV drugs more than for all other viral diseases combined. Taken in proper combinations these medications have dramatically improved the prognosis for people living with HIV by increasing their life span by at least a decade and providing the possibility of a normal life span with continued therapy.Scientifically proven prevention approaches -- education and outreach to at-risk populations voluntary HIV testing and counseling condom distribution prevention of HIV transmission from mother to baby harm reduction approaches for drug abusers mass-media campaigns and the screening of donated blood -- have been deployed with great success in the United States and many other countries.Innovative programs such as the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief and the Global Fund for HIV/AIDS Tuberculosis and Malaria as well as the efforts of nongovernment organizations have reached millions of people in low- and mid-income countries worldwide with HIV-related services at a scale unimaginable a few years ago. And gradually -- but too slowly -- we have begun addressing AIDS-related stigma in this country and abroad.Much has been accomplished in the fight against HIV/AIDS from scientific medical and public health standpoints. However now is no time to rest on our accomplishments or our laurels. The statistics of the HIV/AIDS pandemic tell us that much more needs to be done.Around the world a staggering 2.7 million people were infected in 2007 alone. Globally 33 million people are living with HIV infection most of them in the developing world. In the United States more than 1 million people are living with HIV. And 56000 more people are infected each year in the U.S. driving HIV prevalence rates in some of our communities to levels that rival those seen in sub-Saharan Africa. Gay and bisexual men and African-Americans in general are disproportionately affected. The true ground zero of the HIV epidemic in the United States is in those communities.What is the way forward? First even in the face of a world economic crisis the global community must scale up the delivery of proven HIV therapies and prevention services. In low- and middle-income countries less than one-third of people in need of anti-HIV therapy are receiving it and only one in five people at risk of HIV infection have access to prevention services.All around the world access to HIV services -- and medical care in general -- remains a challenge in many poor communities. The global community must sustain our commitment to investing resources for medicines clinics as well as training and salaries for doctors nurses and community health care workers to provide care for HIV/AIDS and other diseases in the settings where they occur.Here in the United States more than one-fifth of people living with HIV are unaware of their infection and not receiving appropriate care for their own health or the prevention services that would help them avoid transmitting the virus to others. A frequent scenario is that people learn of their infection status only when they have advanced symptoms of HIV disease when their health may by irreparably damaged.Now is the time for the medical community and policymakers to embrace U.S. guidelines for all Americans aged 13-64 to be voluntarily  tested in routine medical care. Barriers to implementation of HIV testing guidelines such as state local or agency regulations that conflict with the recommendations variability in payment coverage for the test and concerns about the stigma and discrimination that may accompany an HIV diagnosis must be addressed.Meanwhile we also must continue to invest in the next generation of treatment and prevention modalities. Encouragingly new means of preventing HIV infection are emerging from well-designed and well-implemented clinical research trials.One exciting concept is pre-exposure prophylaxis or PrEP giving preventive doses of anti-HIV drugs to individuals who are at an increased risk of HIV infection. This still-experimental strategy is based on the concept that if HIV replication can be inhibited immediately following exposure to the virus permanent infection might be thwarted. Multiple clinical studies of PrEP are under way in the United States and in populations around the world. Ongoing research to develop microbicidal gels or creams to be applied before sex offer the hope of people being able to protect themselves from HIV infection in situations where saying no to sex or insisting on condom use is not an option.Finally a preventive HIV vaccine remains the greatest hope for halting the relentless spread of HIV/AIDS. We must solve the mystery of how to prompt the human body to produce a protective immune response against HIV which natural infection with the virus seems unable to do.Historically it has taken decades to find effective vaccines to combat most infectious diseases. Researchers usually experienced numerous setbacks and disappointments before reaching success yet they persevered. Finding a safe and effective HIV vaccine demands an equally intense resolve.On this World AIDS Day we should be proud of the many scientific advances that have been made in the fight against HIV/AIDS. But it is hardly a time for self-congratulation. Rather we must understand that our work is just beginning. Developing HIV interventions and delivering them to the people who need them will require scientific and public health vision and dedication from all sectors of society in good times and bad.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Anthony S. Fauci. (CNET) -- Apple likes glass. A lot. You can tell that much from its many retail stores and in its products where glass is used in displays notebook trackpads and both the front and back of the iPhone 4.That last place though is what might be causing the company some headaches.That's according to a report today from Gdgt which says that slip-on cases -- the kind that cover the back and sometimes front of the iPhone 4 have been the cause of serious cosmetic damage with the backside of the iPhone. Dirt and other loose bits of debris from your pocket end up in that space.Over time that can lead to a shattered backside as small scratches grow to become large cracks that travel across the back of the device much like a ding on a windshield.This has become a big enough problem the report says that Apple's engineers have been hard at work in "a quiet lockdown testing various third-party cases to see how widespread the problem is, and presumably to make sure it does not happen with future iterations of the device.

The news comes at an especially interesting time given the recent expiration of Apple's free iPhone 4 case program (which included Apple's no closed-back bumper), and the reported beginnings of mass production for a CDMA version of the iPhone said to be coming to Verizon in early 2011.

If Apple is planning to bring any physical design changes to that version of the iPhone, a back that's susceptible to cracking could very well be holding up that process.

This wouldn't be the first time cracks have cropped up on Apple's hardware, or the iPhone line for that matter.

Both the Mac G4 Cube, which was introduced in 2000, and the iPhone 3G experienced reports from users that the outsides were developing hairline surface cracks."Similar blemishes had appeared on white versions of the company's MacBook notebooks which Apple reportedly began acknowledging and repairing early last year.© 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. CNET CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. Used by permission. Ken Henggeler poured his grief into the thing he loved most: carpentry.Shaken by the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre the retired teacher and longtime resident of Newtown went to his barn picked up an oak children's bench and went to work. He sawed away cutting it into two shelves.On one he made 20 individual slots for candles one for each slain child. On the other he placed six candles for the heroic educators. He drove into town unsure of his destination.At the intersection of Main Street and Sugar Street he felt a tug. After all the park there is called The Pleasance. On a tree and nearby street pole there were two signs. Both read: Pray for Newtown.It was the perfect spot. Just enough room to fit the shelves and just enough space to let people hug pray and cry. He and his wife Darla placed the shelf for the children in front and the one for the educators in the back as if still watching over their young students.Henggeler struggled to light each candle. First one. Then two. Then three.It was really hitting me, he said "with how many were involved."Glimpses of normalcy amid reminders of horrorA car pulled up and a man placed a giant brown teddy bear next to the makeshift shrine.More people came. All wept. The memorial grew and grew.We did it to help ourselves, and maybe the town, said Henggeler a resident of 15 years. "I just wanted to do something. Now I'm in awe."The pain in Newtown is suffocating. It's felt on every corner in every store in every church. Each fresh news report -- each photo of those precious children those tiny victims with so much youthful exuberance -- brings another wave of emotions of sorrow horror and disbelief.Did you hear a child was shot 11 times? Can you believe the strength of Robbie Parker -- whose daughter Emilie was killed -- to forgive the shooter's family? Why did the shooter take out his rage on such pure innocence?The shooter's name isn't mentioned in conversations. It's just too damn painful.Newtown is grappling with other pressing questions: How does the town handle 26 funerals with only one funeral home? What becomes of the school building and when do Sandy Hook students begin school again?Soundwaves: Newtown wonders how to healSunday was supposed to be a festive day filled with holiday revelry as students prepared for the final week before Christmas holiday. Instead churches overflowed with mourners.Gray clouds stretched from horizon to horizon a cold drizzle dampening the already somber mood.Newtown was the idyllic New England community -- that Norman Rockwell setting of rolling hills a town green and an unwavering slice of Americana. The bumper stickers throughout town declared: "Nicer in Newtown."And it was. The town of 27500 had great schools and great people. Notable residents have included 1976 Olympic champion Bruce Jenner "Hunger Games" author Suzanne Collins and cartoonist James Thurber.It served as a bedroom community for Danbury and even New York with people making the 60-mile commute into the city. Founded in 1711 the town in southwestern Connecticut spans 60 square miles the fifth largest town in area in the state.Newtown's most gruesome crime story had been a murder charge against a husband accused of killing his wife in 1984; her remains were found beneath the floor of a barn in 2010.But the town was best known for its 100-foot flagpole that sits literally in the middle of Main Street. The flagpole also had been the town's greatest source of controversy for nearly 100 years -- declared a road hazard as cars replaced ox wagons. Yet the flagpole survived every attempt by highway authorities to remove it. It also survived a lightning strike and a car that slammed into it going 55 mph.The 12-foot by 18-foot flag now flies at half staff a sad reminder hovering above the town's center.Headlines in Friday's Newtown Bee reported on vandalism at a cemetery and warned of police plans for a sobriety checkpoint over the weekend.Then everything changed.Remembering the victimsLibrarian Beryl Harrison was celebrating with staff at their annual holiday party last Friday. They were preparing to sing Christmas carols when word came.We got a call that there was a lockdown at the schools, she said.Word spread. Rumors flew. At one point they were told the library was in lockdown. "We thought they were joking: What could we be locking down the library for?" she asked. "It just got worse as the day went on."Many of those precious children had studied in the library's children's area accompanied by their parents. She had volunteered at the school over the years; both her sons attended school there too. One librarian she said plans to attend at least six funerals.We just can't believe it, she said in the gentle voice of a well-schooled librarian.I hope this doesn't define the town, because it doesn't deserve to be remembered as a place of horror.Not too far from Harrison's desk pamphlets were spread out for any resident to take. One began "Facts for Families: Children and Grief." Another provided the number for a grief hot line "should you or anyone you know need to talk to someone during this very difficult time."The old town hall will be turned into a grief counseling center Monday complete with privacy screens. The Newtown Savings Bank has established the Sandy Hook School Support Fund to help families pay for funerals.Librarians across the country have begun pitching in. One book that's being shipped is called "Tear Soup considered one of the best at helping people, especially children, cope with tragedy.

Just up the road, Ken Henggeler stood near the memorial with his wife and 22-year-old stepson, Eric Puffer.

Puffer had attended Sandy Hook in first grade. He couldn't help but wonder about that classroom of children. He likely had studied in that exact same room. Puffer had begun his first day at work on Friday, at a DNA sequencing job in Boston.

He immediately came home. His friends teach at the school and students that they used to have are now dead."I don't know what to even say to them, he said. "It just doesn't make any sense why he would go into school where these kids can't even defend themselves."Puffer was a senior in high school when the shooter Adam Lanza 20 was a sophomore. He doesn't remember much about Lanza other than the way he dressed.I would see him in the hallway just dressed up formally with a briefcase, like shirt and tie, he said. "He stood out so much wearing such odd apparel to school when we don't have a dress code."Puffer glanced at the memorial his stepdad made.It's a visual representation. Seeing how many candles there are, it's just terrible.Jan Philbrick from the nearby town of Redding stopped to hug people standing at the memorial.This has always been the sweetest of towns. It's held onto its identity, she said. "It's hard to bear for any town but this is a particularly kind good open balanced place."She described the memorial as beautiful and said she stopped at it "because we're all in this together." Henggeler accepted a hug. He taught woodworking architecture and robotics at nearby Danbury High School for 37 years retiring three years ago.He searched for words as to how the tragedy affected him. "I taught high school but I had a special place in my heart for young children."Weeping he walked off.Like the rest of town he cried tear soup.Strangers inspired to honor Newtown victims (CNN) -- A flat tire saw Stéphane Peterhansel's lead in the Dakar Rally cut to seven and a half minutes by American Bobby Gordon who finished second behind stage eight winner Nani Roma.Peterhansel suffered a puncture 30km from the end of the stage between Copiapo and Antofagasta and saw his overall lead whittled down to seven minutes 36 seconds by Gordon.The American lost out to Roma from Spain by just five seconds and is still awaiting his first stage win in the 2012 rally.Defending champion Nasser Al-Attiyah from Qatar was disrupted by technical problems and had to stop on several occasions. He now trails Peterhansel by over 45 minutes.Pole Krzysztof Hołowczyc is third 12 seconds behind Gordon and 7 minutes 48 secs behind the leader.Peterhansel is a Dakar legend with three car titles and six on motorbikes all coming before the grueling endurance event moved to South America in 2009 but he didn't enjoy his best stage on Monday.He told the Dakar Rally's official website: "I am losing loads of time. I drove quite slowly in the rocky parts because I was scared of punctures. And despite this... I had one 30 km from the finish. It was a bad special but that is the way it is.Gordon started three minutes before us, and 180 kilometres from here we had got to 30 seconds behind him. I think that when he saw us he stepped it up, leaving us in the dust.

He can win this thing so it is essential for him to manage this situation as well as he can."Defending motorcycle champion Marc Coma sealed the 20th stage win of his Dakar Rally career as rival Cyril Despres got stuck in the mud.Stage eight saw Coma from Spain snatch the lead from the Frenchman and build a lead of one minute and 26 seconds.Despres spent ten minutes trying to extricate himself from a patch of mud and cut a frustrated figure at the end of the stage.He said: "There was a torrent of mud between the inspection of the reconnaissance car two days ago and today. Therefore it did not appear in the road book and I was the first to fall into the trap.There was no way I could have avoided it. I am awaiting the organisers' decision: after Ullevalseter, Gonçalves and a few others had gone through, they took a detour, otherwise there would have been 200 vehicles trapped in the mud.

So I fail to see why I and the others should be the only ones to pay the price. But I do not think we will let this be." (CNN) -- MotoGP championship leader Casey Stoner claimed his 10th pole position of 2011 on Saturday to boost his bid for a ninth victory this season at the Japan Grand Prix.After 14 of 18 meetings the Australian holds a 44-point lead over world champion Jorge Lorenzo who will start Sunday's race second on the grid for Yamaha at Motegi.He broke Lorenzo's 2008 lap record with a time of one minute 45.267 seconds to earn his first pole at the circuit where he won last year's race.Stoner's teammate Andrea Dovizioso qualified third ahead of another Honda rider Dani Pedrosa while American Ben Spies claimed fifth for Yamaha.Honda's Marco Simoncelli completed the third row for Honda while fellow Italian and seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi was seventh for Ducati.Hiroshi Aoyama in 11th was the highest-placed Japanese rider for what will be an emotional day.Motorcycling's top names had initially refused to travel to Motegi due to health fears after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was damaged during March's earthquake and tsunami.They backed down after MotoGP officials refused to cancel the race but Stoner arrived late to reduce any exposure to radiation and Lorenzo told reporters that he had been washing with bottled water despite experts insisting the Motegi area is safe from any fallout.But the riders have helped raise $140000 for the "We are for Japan" campaign with Aoyama to present the check to local officials before the race.Everything has gone very well so far this weekend. We've been fastest in all but one session, so it's been fantastic, 2007 world champion Stoner told the MotoGP website.We'll have to watch the weather as this will affect the set-up. There's also a chance of rain, so it could get complicated. Jorge has been riding fantastic, as has Dovi and Dani, but there is no doubt that the Honda suits this track. PARIS France (CNN) -- Three French journalists charged in an alleged plot to kidnap African children for adoption in Europe arrived in Paris on Sunday hours after French President Nicolas Sarkozy held emergency talks in Chad.But 14 other people remained in custody in the African nation some facing serious charges that could send them to jail for up to 20 years.The journalists were among seven Europeans a Chadian judge released Sunday including a Spanish flight crew whom Sarkozy dropped off in a brief stop in Madrid on his way back from Chad.All were arrested last week after workers from Zoe's Ark -- a French-based charity group -- were accused of trying to fly 103 children out of Chad in a kidnapping and adoption operation.  Watch a report on how the events unfolded »Some of the children may never return to their families because it is too difficult to determine their backgrounds Red Cross spokeswoman Inah Kaloga told CNN on Friday.Those who remain under arrest in Chad are six members of the French charity four Chadians and four remaining members of the flight crew. Some face kidnapping and fraud charges.Zoe's Ark leader Eric Breteau testified Saturday to a court in the Chadian capital that the three journalists and the flight crew of seven Spaniards and a Belgian were not involved in the alleged plot court witnesses told CNN.At least some of the flight crew are scheduled to testify before a judge on Monday.The three journalists initially had been charged with complicity in the alleged kidnapping attempt. It's not clear if the charges against them have been dropped.  Watch the freed Europeans leave Chad »In a joint news conference with Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero on Sunday at Madrid's Torrejon Air Force Base Sarkozy expressed satisfaction that some of those detained had been released.At the same time however he told reporters "We should respect the sovereignty of Chad."Zapatero thanked Sarkozy for dropping the four Spanish flight crew members off in their home country and thanked Chadian President Idriss Deby for allowing them to return.After his emergency talks in Chad Sarkozy stressed the scandal would not affect the strong relations between the two countries or affect the planned deployment of a European force to protect refugees from Sudan's Darfur region who have fled to Chad and the neighboring Central African Republic.Sarkozy also said he hoped the six remaining French nationals -- all from Zoe's Ark -- would face trial in France.The charity says that the children were orphans from the Darfur region -- where the United Nations estimates 200000 people have been killed in four years of conflict -- and that the group was taking them to host families in France.But after preliminary interviews with the children aid agencies said Thursday it appeared most of them probably are not orphans and not from Sudan but instead come from villages on the Chadian side of the border with Sudan.The children are staying in an Abeche orphanage while aid agencies and government officials try to find out where they came from -- a challenge hindered by the number of children their youth and the volatile situation in the region.A father of three of the children allegedly kidnapped told a French newspaper he put his children into the charity's care after he was told they would be educated at a school under construction in a nearby town.The Chadian man who gave his name as Arbab told Le Parisien on Sunday that workers from Zoe's Ark had visited his village three times.They never said they would take away our children, he told the newspaper. E-mail to a friendCNN's Nic Robertson and Al Goodman contributed to this report. The Senate voted Wednesday to avert at least one chronic Washington political crisis for more than a year.With a snowstorm bearing down on the capital it approved a House-passed measure that allows the government to borrow more money to pay its bills through March 2015.President Barack Obama signaled that he would sign the legislation so the Senate vote was the last hurdle to resolving the debt ceiling issue until after the November congressional elections.I'm pleased that Republicans and Democrats in Congress have come together to pay for what they've already spent, and remove the threat of default from our economy once and for all, Obama said in a statement adding that he hoped "this puts an end to politics by brinkmanship."Wednesday's result was a blow to tea party conservatives who oppose any kind of increase in federal borrowing.Filibuster deniedSen. Ted Cruz of Texas a leader of the GOP tea party wing mounted a filibuster attempt to force a 60-vote threshold for proceeding on the debt ceiling measure.However a dozen Republicans including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell joined Democrats to overcome the filibuster on a 67-31 procedural vote that avoided another politically damaging legislative impasse over spending.The Democratic-controlled Senate then gave final approval by a 55-43 margin on strict party lines with McConnell and the other Republicans who helped overcome the filibuster voting against the measure to reduce their political risk.We got a good outcome, said GOP Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska one of the 12 who helped defeat the filibuster but then opposed the measure on the final vote.Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said last week the debt ceiling must be raised by February 27 or the nation would risk a technical default.After Wednesday's Senate votes Lew said the debt ceiling plan along with a recent budget agreement and spending bill "will provide certainty and stability to businesses and financial markets and should add momentum to the economic growth forecasted in 2014."To Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York the defeat of the filibuster bid by Cruz signaled that "the American political world is moving in our direction."Republicans are trying to put tea party politics in the rear view mirror, he said.After the House and Senate consideration of the politically charged matter Obama added that the        "full faith and credit of the United States is too important to use as leverage or a tool for extortion."Cruz sticks to his gunsCruz however was unapologetic.Today's vote is yet another example that establishment politicians from both parties are simply not listening to the American people, he said. "Outside the beltway Americans of all political stripes understand that we cannot keep spending money we don't have."With Congress on break next week for the President's Day holiday failure to pass the debt ceiling measure Wednesday would have brought the nation close enough to the deadline to possibly shake financial markets.On Tuesday the GOP-controlled House passed the debt-ceiling measure on a 221-201 vote with only 28 Republicans supporting it compared to the 199 who opposed it. Meanwhile 193 Democrats backed the measure with only two voting "no."The House vote followed an internal Republican fight over efforts to attach deficit reduction provisions to the debt-limit legislation.Obama and Democrats rejected any attempt to negotiate on the issue which previously led to political brinkmanship that caused the first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating in 2011.In the end House Speaker John Boehner gave up efforts to link the measure to a provision repealing a cut in some military pension benefits. The Ohio Republican allowed a vote on a "clean" bill demanded by Democrats and despised by conservatives.The shift by Boehner evoked rare praise for the speaker from the Senate's top Democrat.It is encouraging that some of my Republican colleagues seem to be regaining their grip on sanity this week, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Wednesday before the Senate vote.GOP change in tacticsUntil it happened House Republicans insisted that any increase in the borrowing limit had to come attached to deficit-reduction provisions.At a closed-door meeting on Monday they discussed a plan to increase the debt ceiling until March 2015 -- past the upcoming congressional elections in November -- while also repealing cuts to military pensions that were part of the recently passed federal budget.Less than 18 hours later though Boehner told reporters the GOP proposal couldn't pass because "we don't have 218 votes."Some conservatives oppose raising the debt ceiling under any circumstance while Democrats had made it clear they would unanimously reject any measure that tacked other provisions onto an increase in the borrowing limit.Without a purely Republican majority Boehner decided to split up the GOP plan by holding separate votes on repealing the military pension cuts and a clean debt ceiling increase.The House easily passed the military pension measure earlier on Tuesday then passed the clean debt ceiling legislation. Both Boehner and his top deputy -- House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia -- were among the 28 Republicans who supported the measure.On Wednesday the Senate also passed the military pension measure after the votes on the debt ceiling legislation.Republicans facing pressure from conservatives ahead of the November vote were reluctant to back any kind of hike in the borrowing limit a core issue for the political right because it represents rising federal debt.Boehner blames ObamaDespite his support for the proposal Boehner put the blame for needing a "clean" debt-ceiling bill with no deficit reduction provisions on Obama saying the rising federal debt was his fault.It's the President driving up the debt and the President wanted to do nothing about the debt that's occurring, will not engage in our long-term spending problem, Boehner said. "And so let his party give him the debt ceiling increase that he wants."At the same time Boehner declared himself disappointed about what he called a "lost opportunity" to address unsustainable federal spending.Republicans across the ideological spectrum agree that another round of political brinkmanship could harm their party after it got blamed for October's federal government shutdown.A recent CNN/ORC International poll found that 54% of respondents would blame congressional Republicans for a failure to raise the debt ceiling while 29% would blame Obama and 12% would blame both. (CNN) -- "You've got to save your best leadership for home." These are the words of retired U.S. Army Commander Lt. General Russel L. Honore at a recent speaking event on leadership in the 21st century.Two nights ago I found my two most active roles in life -- family man and journalist -- intersecting in a crisis. It was 3 p.m. on Tuesday afternoon when my wife alerted me. I was enjoying my afternoon off comfortable in the warmth of our home watching the snow from a rare winter storm blanket our deck and backyard.My wife who is a fifth-grade school teacher in Fulton County Georgia received word that her school was shutting down because of the inclement weather. "Honey I've got the kids. I'm on my way home she said after school was dismissed early, and parents were rushing to get their children.

As a journalist, I recognized that a news story was breaking before me. My wife's normal 20-minute daily commute was about to turn into an ordeal that would last nearly 24 hours. And I soon discovered that skills honed over years in the newsroom, were my best tools for assisting my wife and children.

More than three hours later, she still hadn't moved very far.

We stayed in constant contact as she inched along the 6-mile stretch of state highway leading her home.

From the news, I soon realized this was no ordinary traffic jam. My family was stuck in gridlocked traffic caused by a one-two-punch of bad weather and poor government planning.

Midnight approached and my wife told me she hadn't been able to move the car at all since 10 p.m. The half-tank of gas she started with that afternoon had dwindled, and temperatures were well-below freezing. The kids hadn't eaten. There was no restroom in sight.

I felt hopeless and helpless. I called Georgia State Patrol and explained to them that my wife and kids were stranded in a vehicle among hundreds of other vehicles. I wanted to know how my family was going to be helped. They told me, We don't know sir. We're trying but we are out-manned now."Filled with adrenalin I just couldn't sit idle with my family stranded. I called local authorities and was told the same thing. By this time I was so angry I couldn't think straight. I texted a friend who suggested prayer and texted me a bible verse to read Philippians 4:1-14.I took to social media to help me cope with the situation and people reacted with posts of support. I stayed in touch with my wife a minimum of once per hour and at times twice per hour.On Facebook I posted: "More than 14 and a half hours my wife and kids remain stranded in car stuck in traffic because of snow. Situation is desperate now. Been on phone w/ State police repeatedly who agree w/ me. All prayers are welcome as I'm praying for the safe return of many of my friends in similar situations too."My wife later told me she cried only once around 5 a.m. not knowing when she was going to be able to get the children home. She imagined having to wait for days maybe until the snow and ice melted. It was so so cold and she couldn't keep the engine running all night for fear of running out of gas. That's also about when I lost it I told her -- about 5 a.m.At one point an act of kindness gave her hope: A truck driver knocked on the window in the middle of the night offering water and a blanket.She huddled the girls together in the front seat to keep them warm. "I didn't let the girls see me cry she said.

I felt so guilty about it all. Why didn't I fill up the car with gas? Why didn't I get the oil changed? How could I drop the ball on my family?

I thought about Gen. Honore, who I have come to admire even more since hearing him talk about leadership and life lessons. I decided it was time to take action.

I called the Georgia State Patrol and local authorities one more time. They could offer me very little.

I told them if police couldn't get my family , it was time for me to try. The state patrol dispatcher advised me to stay off the roads. It was now 20 hours into the ordeal.

At day-break, I told my wife, I am coming to get you." She said she didn't think I could get to her. I said "Don't worry about that. Against advice of the local and state authorities I'm going to try."I posted a message on Facebook letting folks know what I was going to do and asked for prayers. The reaction came pouring in.I called my neighbor Kenneth Rucker retired military and current investigator with a local district attorney's office. Taking me in his four-wheel -drive truck Rucker expertly traversed the thick ice on bridges passing hundreds of stranded vehicles along the way.I was laser focused on the mission: Find my wife and kids and extricate them. I trudged up an ice-covered northbound lane of highway as Ken's pickup made a zig-zag between hundreds of stranded vehicles to get to a safe stop.I grabbed each of my daughters and carried them one by one across the median strip to the warmth of Ken's truck. Then I escorted my wife into Ken's vehicle. I moved my wife's car into the median and left it there not knowing or caring when the traffic would start to move.I was leading my family home. (CNN) -- Roger Federer is undoubtedly the greatest men's tennis players of the modern era -- if not of all time -- following his epic victory over Andy Roddick in Sunday's Wimbledon final.Reaching for the stars: Roger Federer ithe best tennis player the world has ever seen.His star had waned somewhat in the past year losing his No. 1 world ranking to Rafael Nadal but his breakthrough victory at the French Open last month saw him match Pete Sampras with 14 titles at major tournaments.With the injured Nadal absent at SW19 Federer rolled back time to march relentlessly into the final against Roddick dropping just one set along the way as he reminded fans of the form that saw him top the rankings for a record 237 weeks.Then on Sunday Federer overtook Sampras' mark with 15 grand slams -- with the American in attendance to view his record finally go.Federer still has some way to go before beating Sampras' all-time record of 286 weeks at the summit but at the age of 27 he has plenty of time to take back his crown from Nadal especially with the Spaniard's career seeming in the balance due to his chronic knee problems.The Swiss is already the ATP Tour's all-time earner with more than $48 million in prize money. He holds the record for most money earned in one season $10 million in 2007 and is also second on the list for his $8 million the year before.Sampras in comparison is second on the earnings list with $43 million up until his retirement in 2002 after a 14-year career.He won 64 ATP Tour titles compared to Federer's 59 but both are a long way behind the record 109 achieved by Jimmy Connors with Ivan Lendl next on 94 and John McEnroe third with 77.When it comes to Grand Slams Sampras won 14 finals and lost four. Including Sunday Federer has reached the most appearing in 20.Lendl who held the world record for 270 weeks at No. 1 before being usurped by Sampras appeared in 19 finals but could only win eight.The great Bjorn Borg who shares the record for most successive titles at Wimbledon with Federer -- who completed his quintet in 2007 - won 11 of his 16 Grand Slam finals.None of those illustrious names have been able to surpass the efforts of Australian legend Rod Laver who is the only men's player to have won all four Grand Slams twice in the same year.He did it first as an amateur in 1962 and then again in the 1969 when he became the first -- and only -- player to achieve the feat in the open era.Federer became the first player to reach seven consecutive Wimbledon finals with his 50th win at the All England Club in his semi-final victory against Tommy Haas on Friday but still trails Sampras' record of seven titles at SW19.His bid for a record sixth successive crown was thwarted in an epic final showdown last year with Nadal who has transformed himself from a clay-court specialist into a fearsome all-round talent.Federer by contrast has taken a long time to adapt to clay. He did not reach the semi-finals at Roland Garros until his seventh appearance in Paris then was beaten in the final by Nadal for the next three years.His triumph this year came after the Olympic champion suffered a surprise early exit although he had earlier ended Nadal's 33-match winning streak on clay in the Madrid Open final.The anxiously-anticipated Paris win made him just the sixth player to complete the set of major titles the third in the modern era and the first since Andre Agassi -- who added the final piece in his jigsaw with victory at the 1999 French Open.Federer shares the Open-era record for most U.S. Open victories with Sampras and Connors having clinched his fifth crown in 2008 when he beat young pretender Andy Murray in the final.He has always been generous in his praise of Sampras who never won at Roland Garros but triumphed twice at the Australian Open and holds the record for winning eight successive Grand Slam finals.  Sampras: Federer is the greatest.I think his success here at Wimbledon is amazing, Federer has said of Sampras. "Winning it three times coming back winning it four more times and going for five it's quite something.And he finished off with the U.S. Open victory, which was very special against his biggest rival Andre Agassi. I think that's what I'll remember most of him.

I guess he had the best serve we've seen in tennis history even though today we also have some good ones. He was also a smooth mover which he never really got credit for. There's many things that Pete did incredibly well."Federer's career has been no less incredible but he has claimed that he started out with no such lofty ambitions.I'm very proud of all the records I've achieved because I never thought I would be that successful as a kid, he said.I would have been happy winning a couple of tournaments and maybe collecting Wimbledon. Ray Rice the Baltimore Ravens running back suspended by the NFL for two games after video showed him dragging his unconscious then-fiancée from an elevator told reporters Thursday his actions were "inexcusable."You know that's not me, he said. "You know that's something I have to live ... with the rest of my life."NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said last week the running back would be suspended without pay for the first two games of the regular season.Rice indicted on assault chargeHe also was fined an additional game check for "conduct detrimental to the NFL according to a league news release. The total amount Rice loses in pay reportedly amounts to $529,411.

Rice resolved the charges stemming from the incident with his now-wife, Janay, and entered a pretrial intervention program in May, the NFL said. Under the program, he won't be prosecuted, and the charges will be expunged after a year, the league said.

The punishments, both from the NFL and criminal justice system, were widely decried as too light, and it quickly spiraled into debates over domestic violence and victim blaming.

Jane McManus, an espnW.com columnist, asked what message the suspension sent to the women who make up 45% of the NFL's audience. She said that an NFL official assured her the league doesn't tolerate domestic violence, but today I think we're seeing a little bit of a different message -- and one that might be a lot louder."Fellow ESPN commentator Stephen A. Smith was suspended by the network for a week after advising women not to behave in a way that might "provoke wrong actions" -- an assertion colleague Michelle Beadle publicly lambasted tweeting "I'm now aware that I can provoke my own beating." Smith has since apologized to Beadle and said he will strive to be more articulate in the future.Meanwhile CNN anchor Carol Costello took to a soap box to ask point-blank: "What was the NFL thinking?" She questioned Coach John Harbaugh's decision to call Rice a "heck of a guy" and the Ravens' decision to tweet: "Janay Rice says she deeply regrets the role that she played the night of the incident."Costello also invoked many observers' dismay over the suspension of Cleveland Browns receiver Josh Gordon who was suspended for a year after testing positive for marijuana.However Gordon's suspension for a second positive drug test is dictated by the league's 2011 collective bargaining agreement where Goodell is judge and jury when it comes to suspensions and fines for off-the-field conduct.Speaking at Thursday's news conference Rice said he let down his family teammates and the city of Baltimore. He said he knows his 2-year-old daughter might read about this on Google one day.I let so many people down because of 30 seconds in my life that you know I know I can't take back.Rice apologized to his wife and called her an "angel" who could do "no wrong."We're in counseling. We're taking the necessary steps to move forward, he said. "My job is to lead my family my job is to lead my wife my job is to lead in whatever I do. And If I'm not being the example then my family crumbles.He said violence -- "especially man on woman"-- is wrong and shouldn't be "tolerated." He said he and his wife will speak out about domestic violence.When the time is right we will go out there and help as many people as we can, he said. The discovery of a slain Palestinian teen in Jerusalem early Wednesday further inflamed tensions in a region already unsettled over the killings of three Israeli teens not to mention decades of entrenched enmity between all sides.Mohammad Abu Khedair 17 was heading from his home to a mosque in the middle-class neighborhood of Shuafat for prayers around 4 a.m. when three men forced him into a car and drove off his father Hussain Abu Khedair told CNN. His body was found about an hour later at a forest in Jerusalem.The killing quickly triggered condemnations from Palestinian and Israeli leaders as well as from the United States.Abducted Palestinian teen was kind belovedThose who spoke out passionately included an uncle of one of the three Israeli teens whose bodies were found earlier this week. He called the young Palestinian's killing "a forbidden action and it has no forgiveness."Any act of revenge of any kind whatsoever is completely inappropriate and wrong. Murder is murder, said Yishai Frankel uncle of Naftali Frankel a 16-year-old dual Israeli-American citizen to Israel's Channel 2. "One should not differentiate between bloods be it Arab or Jew.Israeli authorities are probing Wednesday's death with police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld tweeting this effort will try to determine if it is a "criminal or nationalistic" act -- the latter term referring to a politically motivated act in retaliation for the Israeli  teens' killings.Mark Regev a spokesman for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told CNN late Wednesday that investigators "at this stage cannot say who did this killing." This came hours after Netanyahu's office promised a speedy investigation to find "who is behind this despicable murder and the background to this act according to a statement from his office.

Netanyahu calls on all sides not to take the law into their own hands. Israel is a country of law and everyone is ordered to act according to the law."The killing riled many Palestinians particularly in Jerusalem. But it didn't happen in isolation.Israelis and Palestinians continue to trade blows -- over longstanding issues unrelated to Abu Khedair's death -- through rocket attacks and airstrikes.All this violence from various angles leads to one big question: When will it stop?Report: Body was 'charred and bore signs of violence'Settlers kidnapped the teenager and his body "was charred and bore signs of violence according to the Palestinian state news agency WAFA. DNA, through saliva samples, was used to positively identify the boy, his father said.

Rosenfeld told the Jerusalem Post the teen had significant burn marks. The same Israeli publication also reported police are looking into previous kidnap attempts on members of the teenager's family related to a personal dispute.

Yet Hussain Abu Khedair, the boy's father, blamed Israelis and vehemently denied reports that this may have been tied to any sort of family dispute.

Netanyahu is responsible for the crime the father told CNN, because he is the one who is giving the settlers the cover and supporting them."The teen's cousin Majdi Abu Khedair said whoever carried out the abduction was driving a car that had been used in an attempted abduction two days ago. A similar claim was made to Haaretz by Knesset member Ahmed Tibi.The cousin passionately suggested: "The Israeli police and Israeli government should do the same as they have done in Hebron: Demolish and blow the settler houses who have done this crime."The Israeli military destroyed the homes of the two suspects in the killings of the three Israeli teens.When confronted with this suggestion Regev insisted "we are totally color blind when it comes to this sort of criminal act."There's no difference between a Jewish resident of Jerusalem or an Arab resident of Jerusalem, the spokesman said. "... Police will get to the bottom of this."It is sickening to think of an innocent 17-year-old boy snatched off the streets and his life stolen from him and his family, said Secretary of State of John Kerry who talked with Netanyahu by phone about the situation. "There are no words to convey adequately our condolences to the Palestinian people."He noted that both Israeli and Palestinian officials have condemned it and he added to Netanyahu's call. "Those who undertake acts of vengeance only destabilize an already explosive and emotional situation."Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas who heads the Fatah party and is based in the West Bank called Mohammad Abu Khedair's father and promised that those behind his abduction and death will be brought to justice WAFA the Palestinian state news agency reported.And Hamas -- the militant Islamic organization that controls Gaza -- said in a statement that it holds the "Israeli occupation (fully) responsible adding that the incident exposes (Israel's) ugly ... racism" and "refutes the Israeli narration of being the victim all the time."Anger clashes in Palestinian neighborhoods of JerusalemAs news of the boy's death spread public anger in Palestinian neighborhoods of Jerusalem rose to levels rarely if ever seen since the Second Intifada or uprising last decade.That led to several clashes around the city the biggest of which was centered in Shuafat.Residents there threw stones at security forces and the Israeli authorities responded with occasional volleys of stun grenades or tear gas. Some protesters attacked two Palestinians whom they mistook for undercover Israeli police The Jerusalem Post reported.The clashes expanded and continued through midnight in the Palestinian neighborhood with a large amount of Israeli forces on hand.In Suwwaneh Palestinians threw rocks at a nearby settlement and several of them were injured by rubber bullets witnesses said. And some tossed Molotov cocktails at an Israel settlement in Silwan outside Jerusalem's Old City.The Palestinian Red Crescent Society reported that more than 100 were injured most of them in Shuafat in the clashes.There were concerns that the Palestinian teenager's funeral could spark further unrest. But his father said Thursday he was still waiting to hear from Israeli authorities when the body would be handed over to the family.The autopsy should be done around 1 p.m., and then I am supposed to wait for a call, Hussain Abu Khedair said on Palestinian television.We will not bury my son at night, he said. "We will do it during the day. If they purposely delay we will do it during the day even (if that means) tomorrow."Israeli airstrikes into GazaMeanwhile the dangerous back-and-forth between Gaza and Israel was erupting yet again.Rockets from the Palestinian territory into Israel was met by at least eight airstrikes within about an hour early Thursday.Three hit a Hamas intelligence building in Gaza city while at least one struck the Qassam training camp in Beit Hanoun.Palestinian medical sources reported at least 10 injured one of them seriously.Israel Defense Forces said the airstrikes -- going after 15 Hamas targets -- were in response to the firing of more than 20 rockets into Israel since Wednesday.This is in addition to other actions -- including the arrests of hundreds of Hamas activists the demolition of homes and the closure of dozens of institutions in Gaza according to Netanyahu -- targeting Hamas and focused in Gaza. This action follows the abduction of Israeli teens Eyal Yifrach Gilad Shaar and Naftali Frankel as they were on their way home from school June 13; the three were found dead on Monday in a West Bank field.Hamas praised the kidnappings but denied that it was responsible for what happened. It warned that if Netanyahu "brings a war on Gaza the gates of hell will open to him."At the teens' funerals Netanyahu said the country would avenge their deaths at "the hands of evil men."A broad moral gulf separates us from our enemies, he said. "They sanctify death; we sanctify life. They sanctify cruelty and we mercy and compassion. That is the secret of our strength."Opinion: Teens' killing hurts Israelis bad for PalestiniansOpinion: Slain teens call for justice not escalation (CNN) -- The remains of Neil Armstrong were committed to the Atlantic Ocean on Friday during a ceremony aboard a U.S. Navy cruiser.Armstrong's cremated remains were sent into the Atlantic Ocean during a burial-at-sea service aboard the USS Philippine Sea NASA said. His wife Carol Armstrong participated in the ceremony.Neil Armstrong who died August 25 at age 82 was an aviator in the Navy before becoming the first person to walk on the moon having flown 78 combat missions during the Korean War.He earned his renown commanding the Apollo 11 space mission and landing on the moon on July 20 1969 when he was 38.Friday's ceremony came a day after hundreds of people attended a memorial service for him at Washington National Cathedral.Neil Armstrong a hero who shunned fameJohn Glenn: Armstrong was a good friend If just one thing could define emerging economies it's a young population -- and no other place reflects this more directly than in the world of tech startups.If you look at Vietnam or Cambodia or Myanmar, they don't suffer from the up-ended triangle that we all suffer from in the West of too many old people and too few young people, said Napoleon Biggs a Hong Kong-based digital media specialist.Venture capitalists and startup funds are now circling South East Asia looking for ideas to invest in.He said groups like Rocket Internet from Germany were very good at identifying "clones or emerging market copies of internet ideas that have originated elsewhere.

They raise significant amounts of money and they're not embarrassed about cloning because they say it's all about execution which it is."Frontier markets are where these investors are seeing the greatest returns.They've gone into places like Myanmar with a vengeance, Biggs said. "They are bringing western business savvy and they find a local partner to make it happen."One recurring feature of emerging market startups is that they are often aimed at solving specific problems in a country.In the West, the internet is often slagged off as a place where people waste their time, said Biggs. "In emerging economies it's more likely to be specifically engineered to overcome an existing problem."Click through the gallery above to see some of Asia's most innovative companies chosen by Napoleon Biggs angel investor Simon Squibb analyst Xiafeng Wang of Forrester and Ping Wong of the Hong Kong Internet Society.Read this: The social apps taking China by stormRead this: Can Alibaba topple the Silicon Valley giants? (CNN) -- When Ji Yeqing awakened she was already in the recovery room.Chinese authorities had dragged her out of her home and down four flights of stairs she said restraining and beating her husband as he tried to come to her aid.They whisked her into a clinic held her down on a bed and forced her to undergo an abortion.Her offense? Becoming pregnant with a second child in violation of China's one-child policy.After the abortion, I felt empty, as if something was scooped out of me, Ji told a congressional panel in September. "My husband and I had been so excited for our new baby. Now suddenly all that hope and joy and excitement disappeared. ... I was very depressed and despondent. For a long time whenever I thought about my lost child I would cry."As she lay unconscious she said an IUD to prevent future pregnancies was inserted.The issue of forced abortions -- and in some cases forced sterilizations -- in China has seized the spotlight in recent days with news of escaped activist Chen Guangcheng.Chen a blind self-taught lawyer rose to fame in the late 1990s because of his advocacy for what he calls victims of abusive practices such as forced abortions by Chinese family planning officials. He investigated forced abortions and sterilizations in eastern China -- a practice China denies -- and helped organize a class-action lawsuit on behalf of victims for which he served four years in prison.A fellow activist Hu Jia said Chen has taken refuge at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing.Chen may be safe for the moment, but the women for whom he risked everything are not, said Reggie Littlejohn president of Women's Rights Without Frontiers a California-based organization that describes itself as a "broad-based international coalition that opposes forced abortion and sexual slavery in China."Forced abortion is not a choice, Littlejohn said. "It is official government rape."On a January 2011 visit to the United States Chinese President Hu Jintao reportedly denied that China was forcing women to submit to abortions. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen R-Florida who gave Hu a list of human rights concerns said that Hu insisted a forced-abortion policy did not exist according to media reports.China's population is the largest on earth with more than 1.34 billion people. Since its implementation in 1979 the one-child policy has prevented more than 400 million births in China according to China's National Population and Family Planning Commission.About 13 million abortions are performed nationwide each year the commission has said -- about 35000 a day. It is unknown how many of those are coerced.But the one-child policy has been blamed for abuses. In some cases advocates say fetuses identified as female are aborted or midwives strangle a female infant with the umbilical cord during delivery identifying the baby as "stillborn according to All Girls Allowed, a nonprofit group that aims to end female gendercide educate abandoned girls, rescue trafficked children and defend women's reproductive rights.

Other females are abandoned, left to die or raised as orphans.

Chinese traditionally prefer boys over girls because they are seen as better able to provide for the family and carry on the family bloodline. As a result, the practice of aborting female fetuses or abandoning infant girls continues, particularly in rural areas.

In November, according to state-run news agency Xinhua, Premier Wen Jiabao, in a speech to the National Working Conference on Women and Children, urged banning illegal fetus gender identification and illegal abortion."The social status of the female population indicates the level of social progress (of a nation), while children are the future and hope of a nationality and a nation, Wen said.Last summer Xinhua reported that "millions of Chinese men of marrying age may be living as frustrated bachelors by 2020" because of the gender imbalance. In 2010 China's sex ratio at birth was 118 boys for every 100 girls the news agency said.China kicked off a national campaign "to significantly curb non-medical sex determinations and sex-selective abortions to balance the gender ratio Xinhua said. Also during the campaign, efforts will be made to raise awareness of gender equality to severely punish those involved in cases of non-medical sex determinations and sex-selective abortions and to strengthen monitoring."Liu Qian vice minister of the Ministry of Health said that doctors violating the ban would be stripped of their licenses or penalized and involved medical institutions would also be punished according to Xinhua.The one-child policy could contribute to China's high rate of female suicide according to All Girls Allowed.China is the only country in the world where the female suicide rate is higher than that of men -- some 500 women a day the group said citing statistics from the World Health Organization and the U.S. State Department.In its 2009 Human Rights Report the State Department noted that "many observers believed that violence against women and girls discrimination in education and employment the traditional preference for male children birth-limitation policies and other societal factors contributed to the high female suicide rate. Women in rural areas where the suicide rate for women was three to four times higher than for men were especially vulnerable."Sometimes the consequences are even more severe. In October 2011 a woman who was six months pregnant died during a forced abortion in eastern China according to Women's Rights Without Frontiers.Last month a woman in the same region was forced to undergo an abortion while nine months pregnant the organization reported. The baby was born alive but then was drowned in a bucket according to the organization. A photo of the infant's body floating in the bucket was circulated on Weibo the Chinese version of Twitter sparking widespread outrage.Chinese officials are prohibited under law from "infringing on the rights and interests of citizens when promoting compliance with population planning policies according to the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, created by Congress to monitor human rights and the rule of law in China. However, the commission in its most recent annual report noted reports of official campaigns as well as numerous individual cases in which officials used violent methods to coerce citizens to undergo sterilizations or abortions or pay heavy fines for having 'out-of-plan' children meaning a family's second child.

In one example from October 2010, the commission said, a woman in southeastern China who was eight months pregnant with her second child was kidnapped and detained for 40 hours. She was forcibly injected with a substance that caused the fetus to abort. Her husband reportedly was not permitted to see her during this time, the commission said.

Nothing in human history compares to the magnitude of China's 33-year assault on women and children said Rep. Chris Smith, R-New Jersey and chairman of the commission, during the September hearing at which Ji Yeqing testified.

Today in China rather than being given maternal care pregnant women without birth-allowed permits are hunted down and forcibly aborted. ... For over three decades brothers and sisters have been illegal; a mother has absolutely no right to protect her unborn baby from state-sponsored violence."Out of plan children whose parents do not pay fines may go without household registration or hukou which presents obstacles to social benefits including subsidized health care and public education All Girls Allowed said citing the commission's 2010 report.A woman's family members including her husband parents in-laws or siblings may also be targeted for violations of the policy according to Women's Rights Without Borders which published a 2005 report compiled from Chen's notes into cases he was investigating before his arrest. The report alleges arrest torture beatings and fines of family members for the violations of relatives. It also documents a case where a woman suffered health problems after being forced to undergo a tubal ligation despite her high blood pressure.Ji told lawmakers her first forced abortion was in 2003 after officials said she and her husband would be fined $31000 for their second child and fired from their jobs. Her second came in 2006 despite the fact she and her husband at that time were willing to pay the fine and lose their jobs.She continues to suffer consequences from the abortions. Her husband divorced her she said because she could not give him a son (the couple already had a daughter). After she remarried and moved to the United States in 2010 she said she visited a clinic to have her IUD removed and undergo an exam. "The doctor told me that I had cervical erosion likely due to the poor medical conditions of my forced abortions she said.

Liu Ping told a similar story to Congress last year. She said after giving birth to her son, she was required to undergo five abortions between 1983 and 1990. During the last procedure, an IUD was inserted.

When I learned of the procedure I protested that I had a kidney disease and could not keep the IUD but they completely ignored me she said. The doctor just gave the bill to my husband and told him to pay." Her husband was later arrested she said and she was given a "serious administrative warning" at her job and fined six months' pay.Liu had to report to the factory clinic each month for an exam to make sure she had not removed the IUD on her own or become pregnant again she said.In 1997 she missed a monthly pregnancy check because she was caring for her terminally ill mother she testified.Agents from the Family Planning Commission waited at my home to drag me to the exam, she said. "When they pushed me to the ground I fell and hurt my neck vertebrae. My spirit completely collapsed after this one. I attempted suicide but was stopped by my family from jumping."Liu was able to move to the United States and she and her husband reconciled after a divorce.I feel happiness and joyful, she told lawmakers. "But I know in my homeland China there are millions of women who are suffering as I did. Each day thousands of young lives are being destroyed. I beg everyone to save them."CNN's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report. (CNN) -- The number of journalists jailed around the world reached a record high in 2012 with Turkey the worst offender the Committee to Protect Journalists said in a report published Tuesday.At the start of this month 232 reporters photographers and editors were in prisons in 27 countries on charges of "terrorism" and crimes against the state intended to "silence critical voices the New-York based group said.

The figure is the highest since the organization, which promotes press freedom, began record-keeping in 1990 through an annual census. Until now, the record was 185, set in 1996.

Read more: Press freedoms watchdog slams Turkish government

Turkey holds 49 journalists behind bars, according to the group, the largest total for an individual country. Dozens of Kurdish reporters and editors have been jailed on terrorism-related charges, it said, and several other journalists on charges of involvement in anti-government plots."Broadly worded anti-terror and penal code statutes have allowed Turkish authorities to conflate the coverage of banned groups and the investigation of sensitive topics with outright terrorism or other anti-state activity, the committee said.Iran came a close second with 45 jailed journalists according to the report. Tehran has "sustained a crackdown that began after the disputed 2009 presidential election it said.

Many of the 32 journalists behind bars in China, the third worst offender, are Tibetans or Uighurs who were imprisoned for covering ethnic unrest that flared up in 2008, according to the committee. Others are being held for expressing dissident political views, it said

In Eritrea, none of the 28 detained journalists have ever been publicly charged with a crime or brought before a court for trial the report said, dubbing the country the worst abuser of due process."Amid the civil war raging in Syria forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad have seized at least 15 journalists according to the committee.None of the detainees have been charged with a crime, and the authorities have been unwilling to account for the detainees' whereabouts or well-being, it said.On a more positive note the committee noted that for the first time since 1996 Myanmar is not on its list of countries jailing journalists.The Myanmar government of President Thein Sein whose recent political reforms have been welcomed by the United States and Europe has released at least 12 journalists over the past year the report said. (CNN) -- New York eighth-grader Arvind Mahankali is the fiercest speller around. No word can foil him as he proved Thursday when he beat out other Scripps National Spelling Bee contestants by spelling "knaidel" correctly.I know this. I got this, he told CNN's "Early Start" on Friday morning recalling how he confidently steadied himself before enunciating every letter in the Yiddish word of German origin meaning dumpling. When he uttered the final letter the audience erupted in wild applause.The 13-year-old is feeling good even though he knows he won't be able to compete again since there's a limit on contestants beyond the eighth-grade.Mahankali isn't the type of kid who stops at spelling domination.Next year I'll try to go somewhere in the Math Olympiad and the Physics Olympiad, he said.The Bayside Hills New York teen who wants to become a physicist finished third in two previous national bees. He was eliminated after misspelling words with German roots.I thought that the German curse had turned into a German blessing, he said.It didn't hurt that he studied constantly telling CNN that he browsed through the dictionary and let his mother quiz him. "My dad collects words. I look up those words and get familiarity with those words."Ending his Scripps career with a victory means he's "retiring on a good note he said.

I shall spend the summer he said, maybe (an) entire day studying physics."Pranav Sivakumar a 13-year-old from Tower Lakes Illinois finished second. He missed on "cyanophycean." Then Mahankali nailed "tokonoma" and "knaidel and the rest is history.

The annual contest offers the winner a healthy dose of classroom cred, $32,500 in cash and savings bonds, a trophy and a library of reference materials.

Contest isn't bee-all and end-all

Eleven million schoolchildren participated in preliminaries leading up to the national contest this week. Of those, 281 children made the trip to Oxon Hill, Maryland, outside Washington, for the national bee. Eleven spellers made it through to the finals.

Among them were 63 children who had been to at least one national bee before, and had to prepare for some changes in the rules for this year's events.

For the first time, participants had to demonstrate proficiency in vocabulary in addition to spelling.

Organizers also added an additional computer test for the semifinals, imposed time limits on computer-based spelling and vocabulary tests, and added a rule that resulted in automatic elimination for any participant who misspelled a word on stage in the second or third rounds.

CNN's Athena Jones and Michael Pearson contributed to this report.

 HANNOVER Germany -- Germany maintained the pressure on the Czech Republic in the race for top spot in Group D with a comfortable 4-0 win against Cyprus in Hannover.Lukas Podolski celebrates his goal as Germany cruised to a 4-0 victory over Cyprus.Both sides have already qualified for EURO 2008 but Germany showed no sign of letting up as Bayern Munich pair Miroslav Klose and Lukas Podolski struck either side of half-time to build on Clemens Fritz's second-minute opener.Thomas Hitzlsperger added the fourth in the 82nd minute as Germany claimed their eighth win in the group to move level with the Czech Republic on 26 points.Germany were quick out of the blocks and celebrated their first goal after less than 120 seconds. Podolski's determination paid off and he pulled the ball back from the goalline for Fritz to score with a far-post header.Klose added the second on 20 minutes accepting a pass from the selfless Fritz in a central position and firing in from eight meters out.Podolski was Germany's main threat and he finally got the goal an excellent performance warranted when he turned in Klose's low cross from the right eight minutes into the second half.The impressive Podolski turned provider for the final goal eight minutes from time making a determined run to the goalline before squaring for Hitzlsperger whose simple tap-in completed the scoring.Meanwhile Arsenal midfielder Tomas Rosicky was among the goals for the Czech Republic as they beat neighbors Slovakia 3-1 in Prague to remain top of the group by virtue of their head-to-head with Germany.Germany conclude their qualifying campaign at home to Wales on Wednesday while the Czech Republic travel to Cyprus.Meanwhile the Netherlands secured their place in the finals with a narrow 1-0 win over Luxembourg in Group G.Danny Koevermans scored the only goal for the Dutch two minutes before half time to seal their place in the finals alongside Romania -- who remain top of the group having already qualified despite losing 1-0 to Bulgaria in Sofia.Spain beat Sweden 3-0 with goals by Joan Capdevila Andres Iniesta and Sergio Ramos while Northern Ireland maintained their slim chance of catching Sweden by beating Denmark 2-1.David Healy scored the winning goal to set a European Championship qualifying record of 13 goals overtaking Davor Suker's 12-goal mark.Northern Ireland must now beat already-qualified Spain in Las Palmas on Wednesday and hope that Latvia can win in Sweden on the same night if they are to reach the finals. E-mail to a friend Philadelphia (CNN) -- A singer is being sought for questioning in connection with the death of a woman following a cosmetic procedure police said Friday.Claudia Aderotimi 20 died early Tuesday shortly after receiving buttocks enhancements in a hotel room near Philadelphia International Airport according to police. The procedure allegedly cost $1800.Police say singer Black Madam -- whom they have identified as Padge Victoria Windslowe 41 -- is believed to be the person who injected Aderotimi with a substance that was supposed to be silicone.Officers searched Windslowe's apartment for medical supplies according to a search warrant. She was not home at the time and authorities are looking for her.Aderotimi and three other women had traveled from England to undergo the cosmetic procedure in Philadelphia police said.A woman who allegedly helped arrange the trip told police that "Black Madam" carried out the procedure according to an affidavit.Shortly after the injection Aderotimi became short of breath and complained of chest pains. She was rushed to a hospital where she later died police said.The preliminary cause of death has been linked to the injection according to the affidavit.Underground cosmetic procedures have become a growing cause of concern for health regulators.Last month New York officials arrested a woman for allegedly illegally injecting liquid silicone as part an underground business she ran out of her home according to the Manhattan U.S. attorney's office.She allegedly charged more than $1000 for a round of shots and faces up to three years in prison if convicted.Last year in New Jersey state health officials launched an investigation into infections related to cosmetic injections after six women were hospitalized for complications.The women developed symptoms after injections for buttocks enhancement and received surgical and antibiotic treatment according to the state health agency. All the injections apparently were administered by unlicensed medical providers.Investigators have had a difficult time tracking these procedures because they are performed by unlicensed providers.It's hard to tell how many people are utilizing that [type] of service, said Dr. Tina Tan a New Jersey state epidemiologist.Tan has heard reports of caulk and other products being used in the injections as well as injection substances being purchased outside of medical supply stores she said.Not surprisingly injecting these materials can result in serious health complications and death she warned.In our cluster, these patients had to be hospitalized, she said adding that injection procedures should be performed by licensed health providers. "We do not recommend going in a hotel room with people who you don't know their credentials." (CNN) -- Pele Diego Maradona and Franz Beckenbaeur will forever be remembered in football fans' consciousness for helping Brazil Argentina and West Germany win the World Cup.That trio symbolized the idea that international football -- pitting the game's very best players against one another -- was the pinnacle of a footballer's career.But that passion for international football has cooled especially for young English players according to World Cup winner Patrick Vieira.I don't feel like in England, the young players are dreaming of playing for the national team anymore, said Vieira who is now Manchester City's Football Development Executive.I think it's maybe the lack of England's Football Association power, I would say, added Vieira who won the World Cup with France in 1998 as well as Euro 2000. "Maybe this is as well a lack of love for the national team.In England, I really don't understand how come so many young players from the age of 16-21 pull out of the national team for injury.

When I grew up in France I wanted to play for the French national team. That was my target my dream."Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has long argued that the European Champions League is the best competition in the world surpassing even the World Cup but Vieira insisted: "The national team is bigger than anything and I was really proud to play for France."The former French international argued a key part of his development as a player was linked to the time he spent with the French national team in particular learning from the example of more experienced players such as Marcel Desailly and Didier Deschamps the current les bleus coach.Vieira questioned whether the lack of elder statesmen within the current French international set-up had contributed to the disciplinary problems that surfaced at the World Cup in 2010 and more recently at Euro 2012.Manchester City midfielder Samir Nasri has not been recalled for France's upcoming friendly against Japan and World Cup qualifier against Spain even after serving a three-match ban imposed by the French Football Federation.Nasri swore at a reporter following France's Euro 2012 quarter-final defeat by Spain after previously telling another journalist to "Shut your mouth!" in their opening match against England when he had scored.His non-selection is a surprise, said Vieira who was speaking at the Leaders in Football Conference in London on Wednesday. "I'm sure he will go back to the national team."England expectsVieira's view that young English players were somewhat ambivalent about playing for their country might give the FA pause for thought.On Tuesday the Football Association opened its elite football facility -- the $168-million St. George's Park complex -- which it hopes can help pave the way for the national team to win a major international tournament for the first time since 1966.However Vieira urged patience for the positive effects of the St George's Park initiative to trickle down.It doesn't guarantee success and it might take 10 to 15 years, said the former Arsenal Inter Milan and Manchester City midfielder.The heart of the English player is double or triple that of the Spanish or French player. That is a good base to start with.City have their own ambitious plans for a new training academy which Vieira described as "unbelievable".The project which will boast 15 full-size and two half-size football pitches as well as accommodation for 40 youth-team players will contain a 7000-capacity stadium for youth team matches a separate building for the first team and a bridge linking the Etihad Stadium to the area -- which will be known as the Etihad Campus.We want to bring our young players from the academy through to the first team, said Vieira. "It's important as the fans really identify with these players and this is the philosophy of the club.But clubs like City, Manchester United and Chelsea will also always try and sign the exceptional player, added Vieira when asked if the English Premier League champions were no longer interested in signing players such as Atletico Madrid striker Falcao who is expected to leave the Spanish club next summer.In deciding how their academy should be run City traveled round the world to look at examples of other successful academies as well as how other sports develop young talented players.City particularly liked the way aspiring NBA players spent much of their day within an academy environment which helps them "to learn how to behave as an individual" said Vieira.Vieira is an ambassador for Western Union's new PASS initiative turning every pass in this season's UEFA Europa League into funding for one day's education for young people around the world. (CNN) -- Even a presidential campaign's airplane troubles can get partisan in an election year.Aviation incidents involving President Barack Obama and Ann Romney wife of Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney have inspired hundreds of supporters commenting at CNN.com to connect those events to the candidates' political positions.When the Air Force One pilot aborted his first landing in Toledo Ohio due to weather on Wednesday commenters were quick to jump on Obama.See, Barack Obama can't even land a plane correctly, wrote a commenter whose handle is TheOtherBob. "He was probably checking the polls - thinks he has Ohio in the bag - no need to land wrote another commenter.

He was distracted since he was busy adjusting gas prices over his smart phone wrote another commenter.

Ann Romney's smoke-filled plane

Ann Romney couldn't catch a break, either. Her airplane cabin filling up with smoke due to an electrical problem was no laughing matter, but commenters quickly took aim at her husband and his response.

Mitt Romney talked about not being able to open the airplane's windows in flight. (New York Times writer Ashley Parker, who wrote the presidential pool report mentioning the comments, declined to comment on his remarks, referring CNN to a New York magazine piece where she made it clear that Romney was joking.)

Maybe if Romney hadn't started the outsourcing trend that plane would have been built and maintained better by hardworking 47%ers wrote one commenter.

Firefighters came to the rescue paramedics were there on time and the police took special care of your security. We are the 47% your husband scorns wrote commenter Kweso.

Reminders of the actual flying conditions

Enough with the political bickering, suggested some commenters. The hate thrown out at the Romneys (and at President Obama) is just plain absurd wrote commenter jolivier23.

On Romney's flight: CAN YOU PEOPLE STOP WITH THIS CHARADE. Can you just be happy that the everyone was safe and no one was injured wrote one commenter. What is wrong with you people? Why are you making this a political issue? I am just glad nobody was hurt. "On Obama's flight: "This incident with the President was just routine turbulence which is something that you really can't do anything about in the first place wrote one commenter.

If the one of the best pilots (and co-pilots) in the U.S. Air Force aborts a landing you know the conditions were hairy wrote daehttub2000. Perhaps remembering a line from that esteemed television show Hill Street Blues he wrote, Let's be careful out there."Many of us have stories of grabbing a complete stranger or picking airline pretzels out of our hair after a particularly bad bout of turbulence. Do you have any stories to share? Tell us in the comments below. (CNN) -- At least 13 people were killed and 20 others were injured when a severe storm tore through the Buenos Aires area state media reported Thursday.Residents of the city awakened to crumbling walls crushed cars fallen trees and scattered branches after heavy rain wind and hail hit Wednesday night the state-run Telam agency said.The level of virulence of this storm is not normal, said Diego Santilli the city's environment minister according to Telam. "The winds were similar to those of a tornado."One resident told the news agency that the Parque Avellaneda neighborhood "looks like they threw a bomb." Fallen trees blocked streets. A wall in at least one historic building collapsed Telam said.Damage occurred within the city limits and also in the surrounding province where at least nine people were killed when they were crushed or electrocuted Telam said.Wind gusts ranged from 100 kph to 120 kph (62 mph to 75 mph) said Luciano Timerman a provincial emergency official Telam reported.Authorities evacuated 500 people in the western and southern areas of the metropolitan area as the storm raged Timerman said. They were returning to their homes on Thursday. (CNN) -- The Florida police sergeant fired for possessing shooting targets resembling Trayvon Martin defended himself Sunday and said the targets were meant to be used as training aids for "no-shoot" situations.Sgt. Ron King was fired from his job as a firearms instructor for the Port Canaveral Police Department on Friday after an internal review determined he possessed the paper targets and offered them to fellow officers for use during a firearms training session earlier this month.When informed of the basic facts, (I) found the entire situation unacceptable, John Walsh the interim chief executive of the Canaveral Port Authority told reporters Saturday. "It is not the type of behavior that I want a police officer to have on both a personal and professional level. I find his conduct intolerable and I demanded that the chief immediately start procedures to terminate this employee."The paper targets show a faceless black hooded sweatshirt with a bull's-eye on the chest. In one hand is a can of iced tea and in the pocket is a pack of Skittles candy the same items Martin was carrying when he was shot and killed last year in a case that has drawn national attention.King in a video statement posted online said he bought the targets because the two items -- the Skittles and iced tea -- were not threatening which meant the target could be used to help train officers when not to shoot a suspect.King did not say where he bought the targets but similar ones caused a controversy when they were first sold online a year ago.While others have used it as a novelty, I view it as a tool for scenario-based firearms training, King said. Using "real-life situations" as training scenarios is not uncommon for firearms instructors he said and they help teach police how to respond to incidents in the future.The only stupid act I performed was to believe that some of my coworkers would be mature enough and care enough to use a bad situation as a learning tool, King said referring to the Martin case.Port Canaveral is just an hour away from Sanford where the 17-year-old Martin was killed in February 2012 as he walked home at night from a convenience store.George Zimmerman a neighborhood watch captain is awaiting trial on a second-degree murder charge in Martin's death. He says he shot Martin in self-defense.King who was hired in January 2011 disputed some of the details Walsh gave to reporters including that he offered the targets to other officers to shoot. He said he showed them to only one a fellow sergeant to find out whether he thought they could be useful training aids.King said he offered one of the targets to the sergeant after the sergeant said his son would "get a kick" out of them. Instead of taking it he said the sergeant took a picture and then used the image to file a complaint about King.To the Martin family, I would like to apologize again for those law enforcement officials that chose to use your son's death as an element for their personal and political gains, King said. "I assure you that the use of these targets that are in question is to prevent a tragedy from taking place."On Saturday Martin family attorney Ben Crump condemned the use of the targets as "absolutely reprehensible."Such a deliberate and depraved indifference to this grieving family is unacceptable, Crump said in a statement. (CNN) -- Violence between competing unions at South Africa's mines is threatening to weaken Africa's largest economy.On Wednesday the world's top platinum producer Anglo American suspended all of its operations in Rustenburg South Africa due to "intimidation" of its workers. Striking workers are also halting operations at some gold mines.The move follows strike-related violence at Lonmin's Marikana mine in August that left 44 dead.What triggered the violence?The 34 miners in the Lonmin mine in Marikana South Africa died after police opened fire on a gathering of thousands of machete-armed workers striking for higher wages. The shootings came after deaths earlier in the week including those of two police officers who were hacked to death. The violence exploded when police shot at striking rock drillers in the "Easterns" area of the Marikana mine. Tensions have been high in part because of the presence of competing trade unions the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union (AMCU) and the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM).Read more: Inquiry launched into mine shootingsThe mine about two hours northwest of Johannesburg is operated by Lonmin which is listed on both the London Stock Exchange and Johannesburg Stock Exchange and is the world's third largest platinum producer. The bulk of its 28000 employees work at the mine and around 23% belong to the AMCU.The violence has prompted some people to draw parallels with the country's days of apartheid rule which ended in 1994.South African's president Jacob Zuma has opened an inquiry into the incident.What is behind the conflict?Rivalry between the AMCU and the NUM is widely blamed for feeding the violence. The AMCU which has expanded rapidly this year at the expense of NUM is seen as the more militant union and has been linked to aggressive tactics to win wage increases.It has gained ground in an environment where workers have been dissatisfied with improvements in quality of life since the end of apartheid particularly for those in the lower wage brackets.At Marikana 3000 rock drill operators at the mine stopped work as they tried to force an increase in their wages from ZAR5400 ($648) a month to ZAR12500 ($1500) a month.Tensions increased over the following days with AMCU president Joseph Mathunjwa declaring the members were prepared to "die here" if necessary.The stand-off later escalated into violence leaving 34 dead 78 injured and 259 arrested on various charges according to South Africa National Police Commissioner Riah Phiyega.The violence follows other fatal incidents including a six-week strike at Impala Platinum (Implats) in February which left three dead and an attack on Aquarius Platinum in August which also left three people dead.The push for higher wages comes after the AMCU was "clearly emboldened" by a strike at Implats' Rustenberg mine in February which resulted in a 125% increase in wages analysts at Eurasia Group noted.The outcome set a "problematic precedent for platinum companies in South Africa Africa analyst Mark Rosenberg said.

Alison Turner, analyst at Panmure Gordon & Co, said the emergence of the AMCU represents the single biggest risk to the platinum sector particularly as many of the incidents in which the AMCU has been implicated have involved violence."According to Rosenberg however violence at Marikana could prove to be detrimental to the union's aggressive recruitment strategy.Who is to blame for the Marikana shootings?While union rivalry is being blamed for the friction it is unclear who triggered the first shots at Marikana which is one of the country's bloodiest incidents since the end of apartheid in 1994. Police have said they were bringing in barbed wire to fence the miners and used tear gas and stun grenades to disperse them. According to Phiyega a militant group of strikers then fired on police who said they were forced to use "maximum force" to defend themselves.Video from the incident shows police shooting for some minutes at protesters kicking up dust. When the dust clears several bodies are shown lying on the ground. The video appeared to show the police response was "very forceful Turner said.

The South African Institute for Race Relations said that policemen randomly shot into the crowd with rifles and handguns. There is also evidence of their continuing to shoot after a number of bodies can be seen dropping and others turning to run. This is reminiscent of the Sharpeville massacre in 1960 the institute said.

In a press conference Phiyega said it was not a time for placing blame, but a time for us to mourn."Late last month a regional prosecutor charged 270 of the platinum miners with the murder of their colleagues who are believed to have been shot by police. However the charges are being dropped.What do the unions say?The two implicated unions accused of trying to outdo each other in negotiating wages denied instigating the clashes. AMCU general secretary Jeff Mphahlele told CNN the union could not be blamed. "We are a peaceful organization and we do not condone violence he said. Mphahlele said police initially shot at the protesters from behind, although when asked if they shot first he said: I was not there adding: The killing of those people was not necessary." He said Mathunjwa's reference to being prepared to die was in response to fears the police would attack.Frans Baleni head of the NUM said Monday that its members were under siege. "Our members have been attacked and that cannot be said to be clashes or rivalry it is pure criminality he said.

Is the government tarnished?

The NUM is a close ally of the country's ruling African National Congress and its inability to stop the violence and weakened role is expected to drag on Zuma, according to Rosenberg. The immediate impact is likely to be Zuma's pitch for re-election to head the party in December, he added.

Re-election is significantly less likely" Rosenberg said. While there is no formal challenger to the role yet this could spur the emergence of one he added.People are no longer willing to sit and wait around for the ANC to deliver Rosenberg said. "They are becoming more and more impatient and they're becoming more and more violent as a result."What is the impact on Lonmin?Lonmin has so far missed out on around $75 million in lost production and the workers haven't been paid for a month.The company said last week that a "peace accord" had been signed but key unions had not agreed to the deal.Lonmin acting CEO Simon Scott said the company and unions have agreed to "negotiate to address the wage demands within a legal framework." He added "We simply ask that those negotiations happen in an environment free of intimidation and violence."The company has previously announced its chief executive Ian Farmer had been diagnosed with a serious illness and was in hospital. It was unrelated to the mine incident.CNN's Moni Basu contributed to this story (CNN) -- Sawyer Jones kept asking if the tigers could get out of their enclosure. The 3-year-old boy was with his family at the San Francisco Zoo on Tuesday to enjoy a brisk holiday morning with the animals.A tiger dozes in the sun as Matthew Jones poses with his son Sawyer during their zoo visit Tuesday.Sawyer's father Matthew Jones said he was sure the tigers couldn't escape from their zoo exhibit. He never could have guessed it would really happen. Just a day after a tiger mauled one person to death and injured two others at the zoo the elder Jones of Menlo Park California was in shock.I assured him they couldn't, Matthew Jones said. "I felt no reason for concern. I'm very curious to find out how the animal got out."The family visited the zoo Tuesday morning and left before 1 p.m. The coincidence was unsettling.We couldn't believe that we were there just a few hours earlier, Matthew Jones said.The deceased victim has been identified as 17-year-old Carlos Sousa of San Jose California the San Francisco medical examiner's office said Wednesday.Matthew Jones said that after many trips to zoos around the country he thought this zoo was "perfectly adequate" and saw nothing odd about it. He also thought it was highly unlikely that a huge tiger would be able to climb out of the enclosure.View CNN.com readers' photos of the tiger exhibit »Other zoo visitors weren't so sure. Jina S. of San Jose is questioning the nervous jokes she used to make about the tigers trying to jump out.Jina said she had always felt slightly uneasy about the pit surrounding the exhibit. She and her husband made comments about the tigers in the enclosure during their December 1 visit.When we were there, we were discussing how it wasn't much of a stretch that they could jump over that gap, she said. "We were joking at the time and it's horrible it happened to [Sousa]."But Jen Williams of Hollister California said she felt safe during her June 2007 visit and didn't think the animals could jump over anything. She says that keeping animals in zoos brings some risk to what is generally a safe environment.It's always scary when you go someplace where there's large animals in captivity, she said.Steven Arnold of Mountain View California echoed Williams' sentiments and said tigers are wild animals that can do wild things even in captivity. He has been going to the zoo for years and said he always thought it was theoretically possible for the tigers to escape their exhibit.They're pretty spectacular animals when you see them up close, Arnold said. "They're huge. They don't remind you much of a house cat when you're seeing them up close."As at several other zoos patrons are invited to watch the tigers get meaty meals. Arnold describes the feedings as "a big spectacle" where visitors can get fairly close to the animals. Tigers' animal instincts become more apparent at these events he said.[Zookeepers] feed them raw meat, Arnold said. "They definitely give you the impression of being wild animals."Reflecting on the mauling Williams said she will continue to go see the animals and added that she's observed that renovations go on all the time.I guess it's just a risk you take, but it's very sad. E-mail to a friend Washington (CNN) -- Not everyone subscribes to a New Year's resolution but Americans will be required to follow new laws in 2014.Some 40000 measures taking effect range from sweeping national mandates under Obamacare to marijuana legalization in Colorado drone prohibition in Illinois and transgender protections in California.Although many new laws are controversial they made it through legislatures public referendum or city councils and represent the shifting composition of American beliefs.Federal: Health care of course and vending machinesThe biggest and most politically charged change comes at the federal level with the imposition of a new fee for those adults without health insurance.For 2014 the penalty is either $95 per adult or 1% of family income whichever results in a larger fine.The Obamacare or Affordable Care Act mandate also requires that insurers cover immunizations and some preventive care.Additionally millions of poor Americans will receive Medicaid benefits starting January 1.Thousands of companies will have to provide calorie counts for products sold in vending machines.Local: Guns family leave and shark finsConnecticut: While no national legislation was approved to tighten gun laws a year after the Newtown school shooting Connecticut is implementing a final round of changes to its books: All assault weapons and large capacity magazines must be registered.Oregon: Family leave in Oregon has been expanded to allow eligible employees two weeks of paid leave to handle the death of a family member.California: Homeless youth are eligible to receive food stamps. The previous law had a minimum wage requirement.Delaware: Delaware is the latest in a growing number of states where residents can no longer possess sell or distribute shark fins which is considered a delicacy in some East Asian cuisine.Illinois and dronesIllinois: passed two laws limiting the use of drones. One prohibits them from interfering with hunters and fisherman. The measure passed after the group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals said it would use drones to monitor hunters. PETA said it aims through its "air angels" effort to protect against "cruel" and "illegal" hunting.Also in Illinois another law prohibits the use of drones for law enforcement without a warrant.Gender and voting identityCalifornia: Students can use bathrooms and join school athletic teams "consistent with their gender identity even if it's different than their gender at birth.

Arkansas: The state becomes the latest state requiring voters show a picture ID at the voting booth.

Minimum wage and former felon employment

Workers in 13 states and four cities will see increases to the minimum wage.

While most amount to less than 15 cents per hour, workers in places like New Jersey and Connecticut will see a slightly larger increase.

New Jersey residents voted to raise the state's minimum wage by $1 to $8.25 per hour. And in Connecticut, lawmakers voted to raise it between 25 and 75 cents to $8.70. The wage would go up to $8 in Rhode Island and New York.

California is also raising its minimum wage to $9 per hour, but workers must wait until July to see the addition.

Rhode Island: It is the latest state to prohibit employers from requiring job applicants to signify if they have a criminal record on a job application.

Social media and pot

Oregon: Employers and schools can't require a job or student applicant to provide passwords to social media accounts.

Colorado: Marijuana becomes legal in the state for buyers over 21 at a licensed retail dispensary.

(Sourcing: much of this list was obtained from the National Conference of State Legislatures).

CNN's Christine Romans and Emily Jane Fox contributed to this report

 Wow Canada you really really love Taylor Swift.According to Entertainmentwise.com "Track 3" from her new album "1989 shot to No. 1 on iTunes in Canada after it was released. The only problem was, the release was an accident, as the track is eight seconds of white noise.

5 reasons you love Taylor Swift ... even if you don't want to

The track was eventually removed.

The singer's latest project, one of the year's most eagerly awaited albums, is set for release in the U.S. on October 27. A song cowritten with fun.'s Jack Antonoff called Out of the Woods" was released last week and it skyrocketed to No. 1.Swift recently told Esquire that she's moved to New York and is focusing on work and enjoying her life including being surrounded by a great group of girlfriends. She said she refuses to be part of what she sees as "the takedown culture" surrounding celebrities.You have celebrities who are pushed to the brink of a public meltdown, and so the public thinks that every person in the public eye has dirty secrets that they're keeping, or isn't what they seem, or is masking it and faking sincerity, faking authenticity, faking being surprised at award shows when you win a Grammy, she said. (CNN) -- Back in his native South Korea the Korean Foreign Ministry nicknamed him "Ban-chusa meaning the Bureaucrat" or "the administrative clerk."U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has focused on global warming policy by world governments.While Ban Ki-moon was known for his attention to detail and administrative skill he was also seen by some as lacking in charisma and subservient to his superiors while the Korean press called him "the slippery eel" for his ability to dodge questions.But on October 13 2006 South Korea's Foreign Minister Ban Ki-moon was elected to be the eighth Secretary-General by the United Nations General Assembly.Following up on a campaign aiming to bring out his charismatic side Ban surprised the audience of a UN Correspondents' dinner that December by singing "Ban Ki-moon is coming to town" on the melody of "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town."Ban was born on 13 June 1944. He received a bachelor's degree in international relations from Seoul National University in 1970 and a master's degree in public administration from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1985.He and his wife Yoo (Ban) Soon-taek whom he met in high school in 1962 have one son and two daughters. In addition to Korean Ban speaks fluent English and is studying French.Ban was the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade of the Republic of Korea from January 2004 to November 2006. His tenure included postings in New Delhi Washington D.C. and Vienna while he was responsible for a variety of portfolios such as Foreign Policy Advisor to the President Chief National Security Adviser to the President Deputy Minister for Policy Planning and Director-General of American Affairs.Throughout this service his guiding vision was that of a peaceful Korean peninsula playing an expanding role for peace and prosperity in the region and the wider world.Ban had long been actively involved in issues relating to inter-Korean relations. In 1992 as Special Advisor to the Foreign Minister he served as Vice Chair of the South-North Joint Nuclear Control Commission following the adoption of the historic Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.In September 2005 as Foreign Minister he played a leading role in bringing about another landmark agreement aimed at promoting peace and stability on the Korean peninsula with the adoption at the Six Party Talks of the Joint Statement on resolving the North Korean nuclear issue.In January 2007 Ban succeeded Kofi Annan and has since pushed the Sudanese government to allow peacekeeping troops in Darfur and focused on global warming policy by world governments. (CNN) -- At his heaviest Brent Schmitt weighed 419 pounds. Even at  6 feet 3 inches tall that was very overweight and he had high blood pressure.Many people in his family -- aunts uncles and grandparents --suffered from diabetes high cholesterol heart disease and high blood pressure.The iReporter's life-changing moment came during an intense family discussion back in 2009 about his relatives' ailments.It finally clicked for him: It was time for him to take a different path.If I didn't do something about my health, then I was concerned I'd never live long enough to get married and have children or be healthy enough to spend quality time with my future family, the Evansville Indiana man said.And in 15 months he dropped 177 pounds more than 40 percent of his body weight.View Brent Schmitt's iReportStarting a family is important to this 27-year-old civil engineer and he didn't want to miss out on this opportunity or the chance to lead a healthy life.Schmitt jump-started the first six months of his weight loss journey back in July  2009 by reducing his food portions. He would use a smaller dinner plate than in the past and fill it with what he wanted to eat. Once he had done this he would take half the food off his plate and just consume that portion.As part of his diet Schmitt avoided processed foods.I tried to buy fresh fruit and vegetables every three days, along with lunch meat sliced from the deli section of my local grocery store, he noted.Schmitt focused on moving more too. During the first six months of his weight loss plan he made the daily choice of moving his body more than he had in the past. He would do little things like take the stairs rather than the elevator - or head to the copy machine after printing a work document instead of letting his copies stack up.Once he hit the six-month mark of his lifestyle change he added more rigorous activity to his daily routine like using the treadmill. At first he just walked on the treadmill but over time he picked up his pace and started to run.In October 2010 he reached a milestone running the Evansville half-marathon in less than two hours.At first I was in disbelief that I finished, and then I was relieved and proud of myself for achieving a difficult goal, he said.He now makes a point to take the longest route possible when walking somewhere in order to get more exercise.It's everyday choices like these that help me lose weight, he added.It took Schmitt about six and a half months to lose his first 100 pounds and then he shed the last 77 pounds over the next eight and a half months. He hopes to eventually reach his goal weight of 230 pounds.Dr. Melina Jampolis CNNHealth's Diet and Fitness expert who's a physician nutrition specialist who practices in Los Angeles and San Francisco California  said Schmitt has shed his weight in a safe and effective manner and she salutes him for making smart choices.He didn't do any crazy diets or jump into a crazy exercise schedule - and he focused on proper nutrition, Jampolis said. "His story just proves that in real life if you make small choices like these day after day it can end with tremendous results."Schmitt's family doctor Dr. Michael Allen said he was comfortable with the pace of the weight loss since he was a young male and didn't have  major health issues beyond his high blood pressure.  Allen noted if Schmitt hadn't dropped the pounds he would have been on his way to bigger health problems including diabetes or possible knee replacement surgery.Many people who have not seen Schmitt in a long time  often do not recognize him since his looks have dramatically changed. Many will ask him which diet plan he used or if he had bariatric surgery.I have to constantly reinforce the fact that it was a lifestyle change for me, and not a fad diet or surgery that caused me to lose so much weight, he added.Schmitt credits his family and friends for supporting him through his "lifestyle change." He says on days when he felt like he was struggling they would remind him of his progress and how proud they were of him.They encouraged me to keep going, he said.Schmitt said his family members with their various health issues have closely watched his transformation and he hopes his new healthy life will inspire them to make their own changes one day.Schmitt's goal of starting his own family is on track too. In mid-June he became engaged and plans to marry his fiancée in November 2012.Life is good for me right now and the future is bright, said Schmitt. "I feel healthier have more energy more self-confidence and feel as though I have accomplished something really great." (CNN) -- Pirates seized control of a cargo vessel near the Seychelles Thursday one of two attacks that took place within minutes of each other off the coast of east Africa according to the European Union Naval Force.The International Maritime Bureau say attacks off the east coast of Africa have increased this year.The EU maritime patrol responded to the early morning attacks along with the Seychelles Coast Guard.The crew of the Panama-flagged MV Al Khaliq said two pirates had boarded the vessel before communication was cut off with the crew.The EU force confirmed that six pirates have boarded the 180-meter long bulk carrier with two attack skiffs in tow. They hoisted the "mother skiff" onto the vessel with a crane the EU force said.A second attempted hijacking took place at approximately the same time but the Italian-flagged cargo ship evaded the attack the EU said. Armed with automatic weapons and rocket-propelled grenades pirates opened fire on the MV Jolly Rosso about 460 miles (740 km) east of Mombasa Kenya.A Belgium warship part of the EU force responded to the attack which caused no casualties. The 200-meter MV Jolly Rosso continued its voyage.Pirate attacks off the coast of east Africa have significantly increased this year according to the International Maritime Bureau which monitors shipping crimes. But successful attacks have gone down as a result of a strong presence of international monitors.The first nine months of this year has seen more pirate attacks than all of last year the bureau reported on Wednesday. From January 1 until September 30 pirates worldwide mounted 306 attacks compared with 293 in all of 2008 it said.More than half of this year's attacks were carried out by suspected Somali pirates off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia.Out of those attacks Somali pirates successfully hijacked 32 vessels and took 533 hostages. Eight others were wounded four more killed and one is missing the bureau said.On Monday pirates hijacked a Chinese merchant ship and its 25-member crew about 630 miles (1000 km) northeast of Seychelles. The pirates appeared to be heading toward Somalia the European Union Naval Force said. China plans to make "every effort to rescue" the crew members Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu told reporters.The bulk carrier De Xin Hai is one of four ships that Somali pirates are holding for ransom with 80 crew members as hostages the International Maritime Bureau said Wednesday.Maritime authorities say two recent trends have led to a rise in piracy: access and opportunity.As global commerce picks up more and more of the world's fuels minerals and other crucial commodities travel by ship. Ninety-five percent of America's foreign trade for instance moves by water according to the U.S. Maritime Administration.That cargo is an easy target for robbers in countries that lack the resources to secure their shorelines such as Somalia.Somalia's transitional government which has a tenuous grip on power has been unable to stop the pirates -- many of whom are based in the country's port cities.This has prompted Europe and other Western countries to step up maritime patrols.In the Gulf of Aden, the number of attacks have gone up. But because of the presence of naval vessels, the success rate of the pirates have decreased, said Cyrus Mody manager of the International Maritime Bureau. "The navies are responding very very effectively."Piracy accelerated after the fall of the Somali government in the early 1990s and began to flourish after shipping companies started paying ransoms.Those payments started out being in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions.With the ransoms they collect pirates can earn up to $40000 a year analysts say. That's a fortune for someone from an impoverished country.Some analysts say companies are simply making the problem worse by paying the piracies.Yes, the ransoms have probably caused the piracy to become a bit more rampant. But at the same time, from the owner's point of view, there is no other way currently to secure the safe release of the vessel along with the crew and the cargo, Mody said.It's basically a cycle.CNN's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report (CNN)Thailand could soon recognize a third gender category for the first time in the country's constitution.It is a human right if you were born a male or female and you want to have a sex change or lead a life of a different gender, said Kamnoon Sittisamarn the spokesperson of Constitution Drafting Committee which is working on a new draft of the country's constitution.People should have [that] freedom to change sex and they should be equally protected by the Constitution and the law and treated fairly.Third gender means that an individual does not have to identify as either male or female and gives their right to self-identify.If enacted Thailand would join several Asian countries including India Pakistan and Nepal that have recently moved to recognize third gender.This week the Constitution Drafting Committee a panel tapped by the current Thai military junta started work on a new draft. The junta which calls itself the National Council for Peace and Order took power in May after a military coup.The old constitution recognizes people of different religion age gender -- but had not extended to transgender people.It is now time to recognize the existence of the third gender in Thai society, said Sittisamarn. "So we expand the region of protection as well."Hopefully introducing third gender will help reduce discrimination in society.The Constitution Drafting Committee is expected to consider various components of Thai law and submit it to review by April. The decision to legalize the Constitution will be made on August 6.Acceptance in ThailandThere's a perception that transgender people are well accepted in Thailand due to the availability of gender reassignment surgery. But challenges still exist several transgender people living in Bangkok told CNN.First of all in Thailand, we're pretty well-accepted, we can walk in the street and we don't have to fear that someone's going to shoot you in the head. At the same time, the most difficult thing is at a professional level, that people don't accept people like us, said Jenisa Limpanilchart a businessperson.It's difficult for transgender people despite their education level to get hired and accepted by companies she added. And matters like which locker room or bathroom to use become a human resources issue.And there is no legal recourse when discrimination occurs because there have been no laws to protect them said Kath Khangpiboon a transgender activist with the Thai Transgender Alliance in Bangkok.Another problem is that the gender marked on government documents doesn't match how individuals identify their gender.When Khangpiboon travels she gets pulled out of immigration lines for questioning by officials because of the gender marked on her passport.For trans people, we cannot change our title name. I'm still a 'mister' in my country. I cannot change my title. My name is Mr. Kath, said Khangpiboon a transgender woman.While recognizing the third gender would not resolve all the challenges it would be "history" for our advocacy work she added.More nations recognize third genderEarlier last year India's Supreme Court granted the country's transsexual and transgender individuals the right to self-identify their gender. Asian countries including Nepal Pakistan and Bangladesh have implemented policies recognizing third gender in recent years.Australia started allowing a third gender option in passports in 2011.  According to a 2012 report by the Global Commission on HIV and the Law 20 countries have passed progressive legislation on the issue including Argentina Uruguay and Portugal.Even as transgender people are no longer forced to conform to specific genders in certain countries they are still denied acceptance in many societies. Same-sex marriage remains illegal in countries like Pakistan Sri Lanka Bangladesh and Bhutan.And Thailand does not have plans to legalize same sex marriages in its constitution said Sittisamarn. WASHINGTON (CNN) -- State Department officials should serve where they are needed -- even in war-torn Iraq U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Friday.U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says that "people need to serve where they are needed."Rice was responding to foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq. The issue has caused an uproar in the State Department resulting in a contentious town hall-style meeting Wednesday.The new directives would be needed if enough qualified foreign service officers don't step forward to fill open positions at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad.If the State Department enforces directed assignments it will be the first time since the Vietnam War era.One official called the order to serve in Iraq "a potential death sentence" during the town meeting.The State Department already has begun notifying about 200 people considered prime candidates. Those chosen will be given 10 days to respond according to last week's announcement. Unless they have a valid medical reason to refuse those who decline could face dismissal it said.Wednesday's heated meeting was replayed on an internal State Department television channel in Washington several times and talked about widely.Some at the hourlong meeting questioned why they were not told of the policy change directly learning about it instead from news organizations last week.  Watch the diplomats exchange angry words »I just have no respect for the whole process because you've demonstrated a lack of respect for your own colleagues, said foreign service officer Jack Croddy.Thank you for that comment. It's full of inaccuracies, but that's OK, Harry Thomas Jr. director general of the foreign service shot back.Others pointed out the risks of such assignments considering the dangers of a war zone lack of security and regular rocket attacks on U.S. personnel.Rice who did not attend the meeting tried to calm things down Friday by underscoring the State Department's attempts to do "everything that we can to try and protect our diplomats."However she said "This is one of the highest priority tasks of the United States and we're going to meet our obligations."Speaking to reporters en route to Turkey and the Mideast she said "I don't know if we will have direct assignments or not but we are one foreign service and people need to serve where they are needed."The secretary sent out a cable to State Department employees worldwide encouraging them to serve in Iraq.This year [U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker] has identified the need for additional positions to more effectively accomplish our mission in Iraq, Rice said in the cable.Rice said she has decided to go forward with the identification of  officers to serve "should it prove necessary to direct assignments."Should others step forward, as some already have, we will fill these new jobs as we have before -- with volunteers. However, regardless of how the jobs may be filled, they must be filled, she said.Rice earlier said reports that the State Department was finding it hard to coax foreign service employees into Iraq "couldn't be further from the truth."The assignments are new positions. Fifteen people have stepped forward to volunteer for Iraq service since the new policy was announced October 26 department spokesman Sean McCormack said.McCormack rejected comments by Rep. Duncan Hunter R-California that State Department employees are "nervous Nellies" and that wounded U.S. military veterans should be asked to fill the Iraq vacancies.McCormack said until now the State Department has been successful in filling jobs in Iraq with volunteers. Since 2003 more than 1500 personnel have volunteered to go to Iraq he said. But with the expansion of the staff in Iraq this year 58 spots were left open.They are serving in dangerous and challenging places, he said. "We have a lot of brave people who are stepping up to the plate in Anbar and Basra and Baghdad and Kabul and a lot of other places that are not necessarily in the headlines."State Department employees have been killed in Iraq but McCormack could not say how many. E-mail to a friendCNN's Zain Verjee and Charley Keyes contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Three people have been sentenced to death on Monday for their roles in a deadly attack in Beijing's Tiananmen Square last October state television CCTV reported on its microblog.Another defendant was sentenced to life imprisonment while four others received prison terms between five and 20 years.The trial that began on June 13 took place at a court in Urumqi capital of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in western China.Recently Xinjiang has been at the center of a spate of attacks labeled terrorism by the authorities. A number of Uyghurs a Turkic-speaking predominantly Muslim ethnic group who largely populate the province have been implicated in an increasingly violent separatism movement.It is unclear what exact role the sentenced people -- with names that sound Uyghur -- played in the Tiananmen incident that occurred October 28 2013.A vehicle drove through security barriers into a crowd in the square when it crashed into a pedestrian bridge in front of the Forbidden City and burst into flames. The attack killed six people including three in the vehicle and wounded 39 others. Police caught all suspects some ten hours after the attack.Not along after the incident one Islamic militant group called the strike a "jihadi operation" and warned of more violence to come.In a speech posted online Abdullah Mansour the leader of the Turkestan Islamic Party said those who carried out the attack were "mujahideen the SITE Intelligence group said in a report. East Turkestan is the name used by many Uyghur groups to refer to Xinjiang.

Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward China's Han majority in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang.

Uyghurs are said to have faced widespread discrimination, including in employment, housing and educational opportunities, as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization.

 (CNN)The gift of an inquiring mind can be both exhilarating and torturous. My job is to ask tough questions but when it comes to faith God and religion the more questions I ask in my quest for truth and understanding the more complex the answers become.I was a bit of a rebellious child. My mom might tell you differently but I never saw that as a bad trait. I felt that if I questioned authority fought for the underdog battled for the things that people told me were impossible I would be different. Change the world maybe. That same rebellious spirit also led to things that definitely were not good for me like hanging with the wrong crowd and getting into the type of trouble that I would rather not put in print.That's when I "found God."I became a "born-again" Christian when I attended a Young Life camp in high school. My home life wasn't exactly going swimmingly and this group really embraced me. I loved the Christian notion of community giving back praying for others and making friends that cared more about doing good than getting drunk smoking pot and having sex. I opened my arms to Jesus and fully embraced Christian morals and principles. I decided that I was going to be "that good girl" and go on to do great things.I started off at Westmont a beautiful Christian college nestled in the heart of Santa Barbara California. What a safe place that was. It was also extremely nurturing. The professors dedicated bountiful amounts of time to our individual spiritual development and regularly prayed with us.  My peer group was all about what ministry you signed up for not what sorority you were rushing. We lifted each other up had intimate sunrise Bible studies on the beach and spent hours hanging out with friends talking about how to lead a godly life.As glorious and fulfilling as all that appeared two years into college the world became much larger to me. More complex diverse intellectually and spiritually challenging. It became the world of church religion and faith versus the world of ideas cultures and philosophies. I found myself more drawn to Carl Jung than the book of Corinthians. A good friend gave me a book The Myth of Certainty. It posed these questions:Do you ever feel somewhat schizophrenic about the relationship of your faith to the rest of your life? Do you find yourself compartmentalizing different aspects so that tensions between them are minimized?The answer to all of these for me was: yes.I started to read a lot. I wanted to mesh with a myriad of thinkers and religious scholars. I needed to make a change.I left Westmont after my sophomore year and transferred to USC's School of Journalism. I discovered I had too many questions about faith to pursue a life of ministry but I felt good about this transition. To me it made perfect sense because like ministers true journalists love people listen well and want to make a difference within this universe.Meet the friendly atheists next doorThe key difference is in journalism if we gather the "facts we can usually find the answers to what we're looking for.  When it comes to God, Jesus and the Holy Spirit, those answers rest in faith.

As a journalist, I seek intellectual certainty. When it came to my faith, I felt intellectually embarrassed. There was so much I just couldn't explain.

When I started working on a documentary about the growth of atheism, I found myself in a profound place of reflection.  In the days when I thought I was going to pursue a life of ministry, I experienced and felt many things that were unexplainable.  What was that?  God?  A higher power?  Energy?  Or just good karma for trying to lead such a generous and selfless life?  There is no way to know.

My stepfather, who grew up in -- but later left -- the Mormon church has a perspective on religion that I find intriguing.  He doesn't believe in a God with a long white beard and flowing robes who sits upon a cloud guiding our daily lives.  That concept is too abstract. But while he may not embrace God-liness he does believe in Good-liness."  God he told me in one of our many colorful spiritual discussions is the "good" in humankind.He and I definitely agree that the concept of God should not be dismissed as having no meaning. To the contrary it has a very important meaning for it refers in symbolic language to the highest dimension of human existence our spirituality.After years of spiritual reflection and inquiry I am at a place where I don't want to feel guilty hypocritical judgmental closed-minded or arrogant.  So where do I stand now -- 30 years after "finding God questioning my faith, committing sins, seeking hazardous adventure and trying to love life and people to the best of my ability?

I am a seeker." A constant seeker within this world among people and of course for spiritual enlightenment of all kind. Because if I did possess the truth -- the "final answer" --  I am convinced I would spend the rest of my years missing out on the enrichment and surprise of seeking it.I guess I just love my exhilarating and torturous life. (CNN)Whenever ISIS carries out a new atrocity whether it's beheading a group of Egyptian Christians or enslaving Yazidi women in Iraq or burning its victims alive the big question most people have is: Why on Earth is ISIS doing this? What could possibly be the point?Adding to your list of enemies is never a sound strategy yet ISIS' ferocious campaign against the Shia Kurds Yazidis Christians and Muslims who don't precisely share its views has united every ethnic and religious group in Syria and Iraq against them.ISIS is even at war with its most natural ally al Qaeda in Syria.The Nazis and the Khmer Rouge went to great lengths to hide their crimes against humanity. Instead ISIS posts its many crimes on social media for global distribution with seemingly no thoughts for the consequences.ISIS' beheading of the American journalist James Foley in mid-August galvanized much of the Western world against the group and led to an intensified U.S.-led air campaign against ISIS which according to U.S. military officials has killed at least 6000 of its fighters.The burning to death by ISIS of the Jordanian pilot Muath al-Kaseasbeh galvanized much of the Arab world against the group and has brought Jordan into the U.S.-led campaign against ISIS in a much more aggressive manner.The beheading of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians in Libya by an ISIS affiliate led Egypt's air force on Monday to drop bombs on ISIS positions in eastern Libya.Former CIA director Robert Gates is reported to have kept a maxim on his desk that read "As a general rule the way to achieve complete strategic surprise is to commit an act that makes no sense or is even self-destructive."ISIS keeps surprising the world and its actions do indeed seem to make no sense or are self-destructive.So what is going on here?A key window into understanding ISIS is its English language "in-flight magazine" Dabiq. Last week the seventh issue of Dabiq was released and a close reading of it helps explains ISIS' world view.The mistake some make when viewing ISIS is to see it as a rational actor. Instead as the magazine documents its ideology is that of an apocalyptic cult that believes that we are living in the end times and that ISIS' actions are hastening the moment when this will happen.The name of the Dabiq magazine itself helps us understand ISIS' worldview. The Syrian town of Dabiq is where the Prophet Mohammed is supposed to have predicted that the armies of Islam and "Rome" would meet for the final battle that will precede the end of time and the triumph of true Islam.In the recent issue of Dabiq it states: "As the world progresses towards al-Malhamah al-Kubrā ('the Great Battle' to be held at Dabiq) the option to stand on the sidelines as a mere observer is being lost." In other words in its logic you are either on the side of ISIS or you are on the side of the Crusaders and infidels.When American aid worker Peter Kassig was murdered by ISIS in November "Jihadi John" -- the masked British murderer who has appeared in so many ISIS videos -- said of Kassig: "We bury the first crusader in Dabiq eagerly waiting for the rest of your armies to arrive."In other words ISIS wants a Western ground force to invade Syria as that will confirm the prophecy about Dabiq.We live in an increasingly secularized world so it's sometimes difficult to take seriously the deeply held religious beliefs of others. For many of us the idea that the end of times will come with a battle between "Rome" and Islam at the obscure Syrian town of Dabiq is as absurd as the belief  that the Mayans had that their human sacrifices could influence future events.But for ISIS the Dabiq prophecy is deadly serious. Members of ISIS believe that they are the vanguard fighting a religious war which Allah has determined will be won by the forces of true Islam.This is the conclusion of an important forthcoming new book about ISIS by terrorism experts J.M. Berger and Jessica Stern who write that ISIS like many other "violent apocalyptic groups tend to see themselves as participating in a cosmic war between good and evil in which moral rules do not apply."This also similar to the conclusion of an excellent new cover story about ISIS in the Atlantic magazine by Graeme Wood who writes "Virtually every major decision and law promulgated by the Islamic State (another name for ISIS) adheres to what it calls in its press and pronouncements and on its billboards license plates stationery and coins 'the Prophetic methodology' which means following the prophecy and example of Muhammad in punctilious detail. Muslims can reject the Islamic State; nearly all do. But pretending that it isn't actually a religious millenarian group with theology that must be understood to be combated has already led the United States to underestimate it." Amen to that.ISIS members devoutly believe that they are fighting in a cosmic war in which they are on the side of good which allows them to kill anyone they perceive to be standing in their way with no compunction. This is of course a serious delusion but serious it is. (CNN) -- The simple answer to the question why Pope Francis is headed to South Korea in the first papal trip to Asia in 25 years is straightforward. The pope is going to celebrate the sixth Asian Youth Day and beatify 124 martyrs of Korea.But the more complex answer has to take into consideration the Korean Catholic Church's unique history and the pope's theological agenda. These can give us a deeper understanding of why he is making this trip.While South Korea may not be viewed as an overtly Catholic nation (compared to the Philippines the most Christian nation in Asia) at least 10% of South Korea's population belong to the Church according to its statistics.The Catholic Church in Korea enjoys a high level of respect from non-Catholics maintains good relations with other religious communities and has a history of positive social engagement for the common good. Pope Francis's visit will recognize these accomplishments a move that will not only please Koreans but hold up their church as a model of evangelization.Evangelizing in AsiaSince it is Asia that has the greatest potential for the growth of Catholicism it makes sense to highlight an Asian success story and to recognize the Asian youth who will be called on to continue that growth.Evangelization is in fact a key concern for Pope Francis. His apostolic exhortation Evangelii Gaudium focused on this topic and called for the transformation of the Catholic Church to focus on "the evangelization of today's world rather than for her self-preservation."The pope's concept of evangelization does not focus simply on baptizing new Catholics but as seen in the chapter from that exhortation entitled "The Social Dimension of Evangelization also includes a call for the inclusion of the homeless the addicted refugees indigenous peoples [and] the elderly who are increasingly isolated and abandoned." Moreover this pope while recognizing the importance of ordained clergy decried "clericalism" before the publication of this exhortation sees the laity as having an active role in evangelization.The pope's concerns as expressed in Evengelii Gaudium therefore resonate with the historical accomplishments of the Korean Catholic Church in that it has grown into a relatively large and healthy Catholic community with much of the work of evangelization being conducted by the laity.It is no accident that during his trip the pope will visit Kkottongnae (Flower Village) a Catholic institution devoted to caring for such marginalized groups as the elderly and the homeless where he will meet with leaders of the Apostolate of the Laity.Origins of Korean Catholic ChurchThe Korean Catholic Church began with the baptism of a Korean scholar named Yi Seung-hun in Beijing in 1784 who had developed an interest in Catholicism after reading Chinese books on the religion. After his baptism Yi returned to Korea and began baptizing others so that there were already 4000 Catholics there before a missionary -- a Chinese priest named Father James Zhou Wen-mo himself one of the martyrs to be beatified -- arrived in 1794.The Korean state could not tolerate the existence of a foreign religion whose members recognized a deity outside government control and persecuted the new church. Catholics were given the choice of giving up their religion or being sentenced to death with several thousands choosing the latter and becoming martyrs.Despite these persecutions the church managed to survive and rebuild itself multiple times. While foreign missionaries played an important role much of the work of maintaining the community and spreading the faith was carried out by the laity.The coming of religious tolerance in the late 19th century led to an increase in the number of Catholics but it was not until the 1960s that the Catholic Church in Korea began to grow quickly. While that growth has slowed down in recent years the church is quite healthy with its approximately five million members according to the church.At the same time it must be stressed that the Korean Catholic Church faces challenges. Growth has declined and many newly baptized Catholics leave the faith or become lukewarm. Likewise Korean society has many of the difficulties post-industrial societies in the West face such as the "unbridled consumerism" the pope decried in his apostolic exhortation. It is here that one can see the importance of the martyrs who the pope will beatify. In their stories one sees Catholics giving up wealth sex and even life itself out of their love for others and for God.The pope will no doubt highlight how their devotion to the faith led to the growth and development of the Catholic Community in Korea allowing him to echo the themes found in his exhortation. The fact that he will beatify these martyrs in Korea the day after Koreans celebrate their independence from Japan will not be missed by Koreans.The pope likely hopes that this recognition and the teaching opportunity it provides will renew evangelization in Korea and through it the world. Atlanta (CNN) -- One of the countries hard hit by the Ebola outbreak in West Africa is not able to cope a health worker said calling on the international community to step up support.Anja Wolz emergency coordinator for Doctors Without Borders spoke to CNN on Tuesday from an Ebola facility in Kailahun Sierra Leone.I think that the government and the ministry of health here in Sierra Leone is not able to deal with this outbreak. We need much more help from international organizations -- as WHO, as CDC, as other organizations -- to come to support the government, Wolz said.Still we have unsafe burials; people who are doing the burial without disinfection of the body; still we have patients who are hiding themselves; still we have patients or contacts of patients who are running away because they are afraid.Sierra Leone Guinea and Liberia are at the center of an Ebola outbreak that has already killed more than 800 people.The global concern over the spread of the virus has reached Saudi Arabia where a man is in critical condition after recently returning from Sierra Leone.The 40-year-old man has symptoms of a viral hemorrhagic fever the Saudi Health Ministry said Tuesday. The source of his infection is unknown but Ebola cannot be ruled out the ministry said.This is the biggest and most complex Ebola outbreak in history, Dr. Tom Frieden director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a statement.It will take many months, and it won't be easy, but Ebola can be stopped, he said. "We know what needs to be done."The virus has already been confirmed outside of the three main countries.A Nigerian doctor has been diagnosed with Ebola nearly three weeks after a Liberian-American man with Ebola died after traveling to Lagos Nigerian officials said Monday.Nigerian Minister of Health Onyebuchi Chukwu told reporters that the infected physician had been treating Patrick Sawyer a top government official in the Liberian Ministry of Finance who died of Ebola in a Nigerian hospital July 20.Eight other people are being quarantined and three are awaiting Ebola test results the health minister said.Read more about Patrick Sawyer's deathMeanwhile the World Health Organization reports an outbreak of the virus in Liberia Sierra Leone Guinea and Nigeria is believed to have infected 1603 people and killed more than 887 this year as of Friday.The United States is planning to send 50 health experts to West Africa to help contain the outbreak which President Barack Obama addressed in remarks Tuesday saying the citizens of the affected countries are in Americans' thoughts and prayers.Frieden said the 50 experts from the CDC will work to combat the outbreak and help implement stronger systems to fight the disease.The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever which affects multiple organ systems in the body and is often accompanied by bleeding.Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever weakness muscle pain headaches and a sore throat. They later progress to vomiting diarrhea impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding.An Ebola patient had not been treated within U.S. borders until last week but the CDC has spearheaded efforts to prepare for the deadly virus.5 reasons not to panic about Ebola in the U.S.It helped create an isolation unit at Emory University Hospital which is being used to treat American doctor Kent Brantly who contracted Ebola in Liberia and was evacuated to the facility in Atlanta over the weekend.A second American patient Nancy Writebol arrived from Liberia on Tuesday. She will undergo treatment at the same unit.Emory is one of four U.S. institutions capable of providing such treatment.But in the nations hardest-hit and not as prepared the reality is grim. Even in the best-case scenario it could take three to six months to stem the epidemic in West Africa Frieden said.Ebola spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood saliva urine and other secretions of infected people. It has no cure. The most common treatment requires supporting organ functions and maintaining bodily fluids such as blood and water long enough for the body to fight off the infection.Ebola also claimed the life of a medical director at a hospital in Liberia's capital Monrovia. Dr. Patrick Nshamdze tested positive Tuesday after being sick for two weeks. He died Saturday.In Sierra Leone where government officials have asked citizens to stay away from work the military has deployed at least 750 medical officials to 13 locations military spokesman Col. Michael Samura said.Health officials are screening incoming and outgoing passengers at the country's main international airport with a device that takes people's temperature from their eyes at a distance.People showing signs of fever are quarantined and their blood is tested.On Tuesday Liberia responded to British Airways' decision to suspend service to Monrovia because of the outbreak.The government of Liberia regrets that British Airways has suspended flights to and from Liberia until the end of August. However, we fully understand that international airlines must keep the safety of customers and crew as their highest priority, it said.We will continue to work around the clock with our international partners to ensure all our key international ports of entry are secure from any transfer of Ebola, both incoming or outgoing.What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane?Experts: U.S. health care system well-prepared for EbolaEbola's frontline: Battling fear and deadly virusCNN's David McKenzie contributed to this report from Freetown Sierra Leone. Journalist Heather Murdock reported from Nigeria. CNN's Fred Pleitgen Faith Karimi Nana Karikari-apau and Christabelle Fombu also contributed to this report. Washington (CNN) -- Attorney General Eric Holder says the Justice Department plans to expand a review of police tactics to update training technology and other standards around the nation.The aim in part is to produce broad national recommendations to enhance officers' safety help them deal with new threats and also boost the use of technology such as police car and body cameras.In the wake of complaints about police handling of protests in Ferguson Missouri critics likely will also push for new standards to address police crowd control tactics and the use of force. The protests followed the shooting death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown by a Ferguson police officer in August.Associations representing police officers and executives have supported the idea of a commission to review standards.Holder who speaks to a gathering of police officers in Little Rock Arkansas on Wednesday plans to announce his support for such a commission to do the most expansive review of police tactics in 50 years.Holder on Supreme Court's Ohio early voting decision: A 'step backward'Holder in prepared remarks said the goal of the ongoing review is to "swiftly confront emerging threats better address persistent challenges and thoroughly examine the latest tools and technologies to enhance the safety and the effectiveness of law enforcement."An ongoing review is already doing some of the work. But Holder says expanding it would "consider the profession in a comprehensive way and to provide strong national direction on a scale not seen since President Lyndon Johnson's Commission on Law Enforcement nearly half a century ago."Excerpts of his speech were provided by the Justice Department before delivery.Holder's speech is also intended to mark the 20th anniversary of a landmark crime law that created the federal COPS grants program which funds community policing in cities around the country. Washington (CNN) -- A Washington lawyer has filed a lawsuit in federal court claiming he is the father of basketball star LeBron James.Leicester Stovell alleges that the athlete and his family have been involved in a cover-up to deny paternity by committing fraud and misrepresentation. He told HLN's "Prime News" on Thursday that he wants "a carefully structured and secure DNA test" to prove he's the NBA all-star's father.Stovell says he has been trying for three years to establish paternity and is seeking $4 million in damages. An earlier test ruled out the possibility but he said the test could have been tampered with -- "and there are indications that there was a motivation."Stovell said he had sex with James' mother Gloria James after meeting at a Washington bar while she was visiting from Ohio in 1984. A few months later she told him she was pregnant but did not say whether he was the father.Stovell said his only request was that the child if a boy play basketball. He said his memory of the encounter resurfaced more than 20 years later "after being asked whether I had a son and I then systematically explored all of my past for that possibility."I came across this set of recollections and in focusing on them, they amplified, he said.In the complaint filed June 23 Stovell says "I recently have concluded that a comprehensive sophisticated and well-funded effort might well have been underway for quite some time perhaps beginning in its present form as early as when defendant LeBron James was in high school to frustrate identification of his real father and that there is a likelihood that the father in question is me."He stopped short of saying he is certain he is James' father. "I don't want to make such a definitive statement in the absence of corroborative evidence" such as DNA he said.Stovell said he filed the suit two weeks ago because a statute of limitations was about to expire. "I have some limitation considerations that caused me to want to file the suit before the end of June he said.

He denied the timing had anything to do with the current LeBron mania.

James is scheduled to announce Thursday evening the team he has chosen to play for next season, a deal worth perhaps tens of millions of dollars or more. He currently plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers.

He says he was informed by Gloria James months later that she was pregnant. He claims she told him the child would be named LeBron, similar to Leicester Bryce, Stovell's first and middle names.

The lawsuit states Gloria James was 16 at the time of the alleged encounter, but Stovell said she told him she was in her early 20s.

Stovell is a solo legal practitioner in the District of Columbia, and filed the lawsuit on his own behalf. A call to LeBron James' attorney, Frederick Nance of Cleveland, Ohio, was not immediately returned.

The lawsuit had been filed without much initial publicity, but was reported by the TMZ celebrity website Wednesday.

Public records show Stovell is a former government attorney with the Securities and Exchange Commission. He filed a lawsuit in 2002 against the agency, alleging racial discrimination. Federal court records show the case was settled when the commission paid him $230,000, while not admitting fault.

CNN's Jason Kessler contributed to this report

 (CNN Student News) -- April 10 2014Stories covered this Thursday include a mass stabbing at a Pennsylvania high school a recall by the world's largest carmaker and an examination of how the Civil Rights Act made history 50 years ago. We also continue our coverage of Financial Literacy Month and show you how a British company reinvented a set of wheels.On this page you will find today's show Transcript the Daily Curriculum and a place for you to leave feedback.TRANSCRIPTClick here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program.Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published.DAILY CURRICULUMClick here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum (PDF).Media Literacy Question of the Day:What images would you choose to incorporate into a video about life in the 1960s? Why?Key Concepts: Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today's show:1. Fort Hood2. APR3. Civil Rights Act of 1964Fast Facts: How well were you listening to today's program?1. What happened yesterday at Franklin Regional Senior High School near Pittsburgh Pennsylvania? What heroic action by a student may have saved another's life?2. What is the world's largest automaker? How many of its models are affected by its latest recalls? How many cars are being recalled worldwide? What car parts may be affected by this recall?3. What was the goal of the Civil Rights Act of 1964? According to the report why were some in Congress opposed to it? What is a filibuster? Who used this strategy to try to kill the bill? Who was the U.S. president who worked to get it passed? How did he accomplish this?4. What is unique about the bicycle seen in the video that is produced by the Brompton Company? What is innovation? According to one of the company's directors why is innovation important to a business even if it was first to market a new product?Discussion Questions:1. What images and sounds are often included in memorials for fallen soldiers? How might the appearance of a president as commander-in-chief be important to the families of fallen or injured troops?2. If there were already constitutional amendments addressing civil rights why do you think that federal civil rights legislation was passed in 1964? How might the country have been different had this law not passed?3. What homework would you want to do before applying for college financial aid? What kind of information would help you weigh the advantages and disadvantages of each option? If you were in the market for a loan how would you go about finding one that had a low APR?4. Why do you think that companies strive to innovate? What companies or businesses would you classify as innovative? Why do you think they have an edge when it comes to innovation?CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards national standards in different subject areas and state standards when producing the show and curriculum. We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program and we welcome your feedback on them.FEEDBACKWe're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News. Please use this page to leave us comments about today's program including what you think about our stories and our resources. Also feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom. The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well.Thank you for using CNN Student News!Click here to submit your Roll Call request. LONGMONT Colorado (CNN) -- A Colorado solar-energy company has high hopes for the economic stimulus bill that President Barack Obama will sign Tuesday in Denver.AVA Solar CEO Pascal Noronha holds one of the solar panels his company produces.Obama touts that the stimulus bill will help create up to a half a million so-called "green" jobs in the field of alternative energy. Colorado has a growing green energy industry.Executives of AVA Solar based in Fort Collins Colorado are among green energy industry representatives invited to the bill signing.AVA Solar has its plant in Longmont about 30 minutes north of Denver. The plant set to begin production in the spring will construct solar panels for solar power plants.Once production is up to speed CEO Pascal Noronha says the plant should create enough solar panels a year to power 40000 U.S. homes.Noronha says AVA Solar needs two things: Government loans to expand its factory and more government assistance to help power companies commit to building large solar power plants in the United States. iReport.com: What would you fix first?Noronha says those two moves would help AVA Solar create 1000 to 2000 new jobs in its factory plus added employment for its suppliers.The company founded in 2007 currently has 175 employees. Without the stimulus Noronha said AVA Solar is on track to create 420 new jobs by the end of this year.AVA Solar currently operates on $175 million in U.S.-based private venture capital. In 2007 the company also received $3 million in seed money from the U.S. Department of Energy.Noronha says Obama is on the right track in terms of the stimulus bill.What everybody needs is a little seed money because five years from now there's no question [that] solar has to replace the oil that we import, Noronha says. "What the government needs to do is provide the traction that is needed to get the first few projects on the ground."We need money from the federal government ... to facilitate production immediately, the CEO adds. "Otherwise we will be sitting and waiting for projects in the U.S. and if we have to wait one year or two years -- when we're able to produce a solution for this country today -- that is a really good reason for the government to say 'Here it is let's go.' "Noronha says his company's biggest customer base is in Germany a country that is far ahead of the United States in embracing solar energy.Obtaining U.S. customers is a priority he explains.As a company we would very much like to have customers here in the U.S., Noronha says. "The government needs to be able to facilitate these customers by making it possible for them to put large-scale power plants up."Noronha is optimistic about the stimulus bill and the direction of the Obama administration.If you look at the vision of the president, you know he is looking out in the future and saying we've got to reduce our dependence on foreign oil, Noronha says.Well, to reduce our dependence on foreign oil, there is only renewable energy. And there are two forms that are promising -- one is wind and the other is solar. And solar, you've got the sun's resources all over the world. (CNN) -- Max Page the 7-year-old who played a mini Darth Vader in a Volkswagen commercial is recovering from open heart surgery his doctor and mother said Thursday.Max Page: Meet the face behind the ForceMax is out of surgery and he's doing well, said his surgeon Dr. Vaughn Starnes at Children's Hospital in Los Angeles. "Max is in the cardiac ICU and recovering very well." Max underwent the surgery to replace a pulmonary heart valve.Max's mother Jennifer Page described the recovery to CNN in an e-mail as "a very frightening place. In the beginning stages it is filled with beeps tubes and strange terminology." She asked for payers for Max to begin to wake up and to have as little pain as possible adding that "He hurts can't have water and is disoriented."Max's family waited in the lounge next door during surgery his mother said adding that his younger brother Els made him a special recovery pillow and offered a silent prayer by Max's side once the operation was complete.Max is known for playing the role of a mini Darth Vader character who goes around his parents' house trying to use "the Force" on various household items without much success. He eventually tries his luck on his parents' car and much to his surprise it starts. Well with a little help from the remote start fob one of his parents uses from inside the house.Max was born with tetralogy of fallot a congenital heart defect that in this case affected the function of his pulmonary valve which helps the flow of blood through the heart. After a number of measures to preserve his pulmonary valve doctor's replaced it with a porcine valve that should last 10-15 years according to the Children's Hospital website. (CNN) -- The figure peers down silently from an upper floor of the ruins of a Scottish castle wearing what looks like an outfit from the Middle Ages. Could this be a long-dead Scottish earl or just a random modern-day visitor?The mysterious image captured by Chris Aitchison at Tantallon Castle in eastern Scotland.The eerie image is captured in a photograph taken by tourist Christopher Aitchison in May 2008 at Tantallon Castle which sits on a rocky outcrop along the Scottish coast east of Edinburgh. The "person" appears to be wearing an old-style greenish ruff around the neck.Aitchison insists he did not tamper with the image and cannot explain it.I was not aware of anyone, or anything, being present in my picture, only noticing the anomaly when I got home, Aitchison said. "Staff have verified that there were no sinister dummies in period costume or historical reenactments going on that day at the castle. I did not notice any nice old ladies wearing ruffs walking around the stairs!"The picture was made public Friday by Richard Wiseman a professor of psychology at the University of Hertfordshire who also studies the paranormal. Wiseman said he was looking for "photographic evidence for ghosts" ahead of a session on the subject at the Edinburgh International Science Festival next week.  See gallery of haunted photographs »Wiseman solicited such photos from around the world and collated them for the conference. He said the majority of images showed mysterious-looking orbs mists figures and faces.In one picture a face appears in the side-view mirror of a parked Mercedes convertible. The photographer insists no one was around when he took the picture; skeptics say the mirror could be reflecting the headrest or be the result of digital manipulation.Another photo of a person walking through a creek in the woods appears to show a second person wearing a hooded sweatshirt standing on a rock nearby. Skeptics say the "figure" is an illusion created by tree branches and the rock formation in the background.Two friends raising a drink to the camera in a third photograph are joined by a ghostly third figure in the background with a face that looks like a Halloween monster mask.Many of the photographs can be easily explained, said photographer Gordon Rutter who also examined the pictures. "Orbs can be caused by the camera flash reflecting off tiny dust particles mists can result from condensed breath in front of the lens long exposures can create ghostly figures and apparent faces are often people seeing patterns in random shapes."But the "ghost" in the Scottish castle has generated the most attention. What do you think about the image?Tantallon Castle was built in the 1350s by a nobleman and soon became the stronghold of the Douglas dynasty. For 300 years the Douglas earls of Angus held sway at the castle as one of the most powerful families in Scotland according to Historic Scotland which looks after historic sites for the Scottish government.The castle also was the scene of violence enduring three great sieges: in 1491 1528 and 1651. The last by Oliver Cromwell's army resulted in such destruction that the fortress was abandoned.It remains the "last truly great castle" built in Scotland with enormously thick and high stone walls enclosing large courtyards and high stone towers.That stonework could explain the mysterious figure in the photograph having caused unusual shadows. It is also possible that a member of the public was standing there when the picture was taken Wiseman said -- in which case he hopes they will come forward.I think it's probably a person who's been caught in slightly odd dress, Wiseman told CNN. "We know the day it was taken ... so somebody might come forward to say 'That was me.'"He added "If they can explain it e-mail me. Or indeed if they have photos they think are better e-mail them to me."A similar mystery happened five years ago at another medieval site Hampton Court Palace built by King Henry VIII west of London. A security camera captured a figure in period dress opening a window peering out then closing it again.Palace officials insisted at the time that no one was in the room and they were at a loss to explain the figure. It later emerged that a member of staff wearing a medieval costume was the person in the video. (CNN) -- This Christmas don't feel pressured to attend yet another holiday party. If you'd rather stay in and enjoy a relaxing day in front of the television you do have options. For the Christmas-lover ABC Family will be running a marathon of holiday films from The Santa Clause to National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation. But if you're not as excited about more holiday cheer there are other options such as a Doctor Who marathon or an evening spent with Duck Dynasty.We've rounded up your marathon options below:*Note: Final time is when final episode begins; all in ETABC Family Christmas movies (11 a.m. to 9 p.m.)Doctor Who (BBC 8 a.m. -- 5 p.m.) followed by Doctor Who: The Day of the Doctor at 6 p.m. and additional specials Doctor Who: Farewell to Matt Smith at 8 p.m. and Doctor Who: The Time of the Doctor at 9 p.m. And if you miss them the first time around the specials will air again immediately after The Time of the Doctor ends.Hawaii Life (HGTV 6:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.)Nightmare Next Door (ID 2 a.m. to noon)Man v. Food Nation (Travel 9 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.) followed by Man v. Food (1 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.)Undercover Boss (TLC Noon to next day)Holmes Inspection (DIY 7 a.m. to 11 a.m.) followed by Holmes Makes It Right (Noon to next day)A Christmas Carol on repeat starting at 12:05 p.m. (FXM)Duck Dynasty (A&E 6 p.m. through next day)A Christmas Story on repeat starting on Christmas Eve and running until 6 p.m. Christmas Day (TBS)Oy! To The World: A Mel Brooks Christmas Marathon in which Brooks hosts a marathon of his most acclaimed films from The Producers to Robin Hood: Men in Tights. (Sundance starting at 6 a.m.)A Very Quentin X-mas marathon will feature Quentin Tarantino's films such as Reservoir Dogs Jackie Brown Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol. 2.(ENCORE starting at 11:30 a.m.)See the original story at EW.comCLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly© 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved. Washington (CNN) -- New details emerged of what the White House knew about the Internal Revenue Service targeting of conservative groups with spokesman Jay Carney disclosing Chief of Staff Denis McDonough was among the top officials made aware of the matter late last month.In a new timeline provided by Carney to reporters on Monday General Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler learned on April 24 of a pending Treasury inspector general's report on how IRS staff used criteria targeting conservative groups in assessing eligibility for tax-exempt status.According to Carney Ruemmler told McDonough as well as other Treasury officials about the pending report. It was the first time the White House acknowledged that McDonough was aware of the report before it became public in early May.IRS: By the numbersIn addition Carney made clear that the information Ruemmler received on April 24 included details of improper acts by IRS officials.At the same time Carney emphasized that the information was preliminary and could have changed before the inspector general released his final report on May 14.Carney insisted no one -- including Ruemmler and McDonough -- told President Barack Obama anything about the inspector general's pending report before media reports about it began appearing on May 10.We knew the subject of the investigation and we knew the nature of some of the potential findings, but we did not have a copy of the draft report, Carney said. "We did not know the details the scope or the motivation surrounding the misconduct and we did not know who was responsible. Most importantly the report was not final and still very much subject to change."Opinion: What happened to Obama's promise?However the new information on Monday continued a perception of a White House on the defensive over the issue one of at least three controversies dogging Obama as his second term reaches the four-month mark.The Senate Finance Committee will hold the second congressional hearing on the matter Tuesday after the House Ways and Means Committee grilled the outgoing acting commissioner of the IRS last Friday.On Monday the Senate panel's Democratic chairman and ranking Republican sent a letter to the IRS official Steven Miller seeking an exhaustive list of information about the case. Another hearing is set for Wednesday by a third panel -- the House Oversight Committee.Some Republicans are calling for a special investigation into the IRS matter in which tax officers assessing applications for tax-exempt status used key words such as "tea party" in determining levels of scrutiny.CNN Poll: Likability helps Obama survive brutal weekSeparately on Monday a Northern California tea party group filed the first lawsuit against the U.S. government stemming from the IRS targeting.The IRS and its agents singled out groups like NorCal Tea Party Patriots for intensive and intrusive scrutiny, probing their members' associates, speech, activities and beliefs, according to the suit filed in Cincinnati.NorCal and its members suffered years of delay and expense while awaiting the exemption and spending valuable time and money answering the IRS' questions. The result was a muffling and muzzling of free expression the lawsuit claimed.The group alleged violations under the Privacy Act as well as violations of its constitutional rights guaranteeing free expression and equal protection under the law.Opinion: We're pointing a gun at our democracyCarney offered the new timeline in response to the first question at his daily media briefing when a reporter noted "confusion" over what Ruemmler was told about the inspector general report in late April.He noted the report found no outside intervention in the IRS targeting of what he called "inappropriate scrutinizing of conservative groups" seeking tax-exempt status and that no one in the White House intervened in the inspector general's review or "did anything that could be see as intervening."In addition Carney said the misconduct had stopped in May 2012 almost a year before Ruemmler or anyone else at the White House were told of it by anyone at Treasury.At the same time Carney disclosed that White House and Treasury officials discussed the pending inspector general's report in the weeks before its formal release even though he said no one told Obama about it.The White House first was notified of the upcoming report known as an audit on April 16 he said calling that a routine notification also provided to Congress. Ruemmler was told about it eight days later and she informed McDonough and others about it shortly thereafter Carney said.Ruemmler was informed that the inspector general for tax administration was completing a report about line IRS employees improperly scrutinizing what are known 501(c)(4) organizations by using words such as 'tea party' and 'patriot', he said.In particular Carney said that "at no time did anyone on the White House staff intervene with the IRS inspector general audit."There were communications between the White House Counsel's office and White House Chief of Staff's office with Treasury Office of General Counsel and Treasury's Chief of Staff office to understand the anticipated timing of the release of the report and potential findings by the inspector general he said but added that Ruemmler acted properly in not informing the president.IRS official denies intentional political targeting lying to CongressThe cardinal rule, as I said, is you do not intervene in an independent investigation and you do not do anything that would be, that would give such an appearance particularly when the final conclusions, as was the case here, have not been reached, Carney said. "That is the doctrine we followed and the bottom line is and this isn't just the most important fact it is what we have said from the beginning - neither the White House nor Treasury intervened in the inspector general's audit."Last week Miller blamed a huge increase in workload rather than deliberate targeting for "foolish mistakes" in the political discrimination cited by the inspector general's report.He told the House Ways and Means Committee that the IRS division handling requests for tax exempt status was overwhelmed by a surge that followed the Supreme Court's 2010 Citizens United decision.I think that what happened here was that foolish mistakes were made by people who were trying to be more efficient in their workload selection, Miller said calling the practices described in the inspector general's report as "intolerable" and a "mistake but not an act of partisanship."He apologized for what he later called "horrible customer service but he also stubbornly rejected any accusation that it amounted to politicizing the work of the IRS.

However, Republicans noted the increased requests for tax exempt status didn't kick in until 2011, months after the targeting began, according to the inspector general's report.

Rep. Dave Camp, chairman of the Republican-led panel, and other GOP members sought to depict the controversy as indicative of government gone wild, with the IRS abusing conservative groups and other political foes of the administration.

Democrats on the committee also expressed outrage at the targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status, but they pointed out that the top IRS official at the time was appointed by Republican President George W. Bush, not Obama.

Opinion: IRS scandal is about donors, not tax

They also noted that the inspector general's report stated there was no evidence of any political motivation for what happened, or influence from outside the IRS.

The Treasury Department oversees the quasi-independent IRS. Some Republicans are trying to find a link between the Obama administration and the IRS targeting.

According to the inspector general's report, the IRS developed and followed a faulty policy to determine whether the applicants were engaged in political activities, which would disqualify the groups from receiving tax-exempt status.

The controversial move began in early 2010 and continued for more than 18 months, the report said, declaring that the IRS used inappropriate criteria that identified for review Tea Party and other organizations applying for tax-exempt status based upon their names or policy positions instead of indications of potential political campaign intervention."Among the criteria used by IRS officials to flag applications was a "Be On the Look Out" list which was discontinued in 2012 the report said.Conservative groups complain their requests were delayed for months or even years through the targeting that sought to prevent ineligible political groups from getting tax exempt status. Miller testified Friday that determining the political nature of groups was one of the hardest tasks of IRS officers tasked with assessing requests for tax exempt status.The investigation by the Treasury inspector general for tax administration was initiated after congressional complaints began to surface in the media in 2012 that the IRS was targeting conservative groups and holding up applications.In a written response included in the report the IRS commissioner of the Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division said there was no criminal behavior behind the actions of the agents but rather inefficient management.Obama called the inspector general's findings outrageous and forced Miller's resignation. In addition the commissioner of the IRS' Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division also announced his retirement Thursday. Joseph Grant will leave in June according to an internal IRS memo provided to CNN. Miller also is scheduled to exit then.Obama has appointed Danny Werfel a White House budget office official who has served in both Democratic and Republican administrations to succeed Miller through the end of the fiscal year on September 30.Obama counter-punches in effort to regain political balanceCNN's Dana Bash contributed to this report. Dakar Senegal (CNN) -- Polls closed Sunday in Senegal where citizens voted in an election overshadowed by violence as protesters demand the elderly president refrain from seeking another term.President Abdoulaye Wade 85 was booed and jeered when he cast his ballot at a polling station in the middle-class neighborhood of Point E. He did not address the crowd looked visibly frustrated at one point and made some sort of gesture to the crowd which also included some of his supporters.If a candidate does not win 50% of the vote a runoff election will be held next month in the West African nation.We've had enough of this regime of thieves and assassins. We will defeat them here, said Cheikh Gassama a voter at the Point E station. As the president arrived he and other chanted "Na Dem which means step down" in Senegal's predominant Wolof language.Senegal is one of the continent's most stable democracies. Past elections have included a smooth transition of power a rarity in a region with a history of election chaos civil wars and coups.Turnout on Sunday was low according to Thijs Berman chief observer of the European Union monitoring mission.Early in the morning, you saw long queues of people in front of polling stations but, later in the day, there were much less people and it seems that the turnout is below 50%, he said. "There was high political tension before these elections so it is surprising that so few people came to vote."Wade is seeking re-election despite deadly demonstrations after the country's highest court cleared him to seek a third term.Protests have occurred in Senegal since the Constitutional Council's January 27 ruling.Opposition demonstrators argue that the court was compromised and the constitution limits presidents to two terms. The incumbent successfully argued that he is exempt because he took office before the term limit was put in place.The president who has been in office since 2000 was once hailed as a visionary but his popularity has plummeted.Wade built schools, roads and hospitals, said Ayo Johnson an analyst on African affairs. "His leadership has now failed. ... There are increasing levels of poverty inequality lack of jobs and an increasing numbers of disillusioned youth."Wade ran against 13 other candidates on Sunday's ballot.Senegal is at a crossroad. A people whose patience has run out, a leader who's out of touch, a constitution not reflective of popular sentiments and an opposition that is unable to put aside party differences with a common purpose to defeat Wade, Johnson said.Protesters calling for his ouster have clashed on the streets with at least three people killed during demonstrations last weekend an opposition leader said. At least two others died in previous clashes.A presidential spokesman has accused opposition candidates and their supporters of fueling "urban guerrilla warfare" leading up to Sunday's vote.But Amath Dansokho head of the opposition June 23 Movement blamed police for the escalating violence saying they were responsible for some deaths during demonstrations in Dakar and Rufisque this month.The presidential spokesman denied the police or military were involved in the deaths.The opposition June 23 Movement or M23 is named after the date of protests last summer that forced Wade to withdraw a constitutional amendment that would have nearly guaranteed his victory in this month's election.West Africa has a history of political strife but Senegal has largely maintained peace and has never experienced a military coup.CNN's Umaro Djau contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Getting ahead in your career is not just about being successful; it's about being noticed.So how do you stand out to be hired by potential employers? How do you stand out for a promotion to a superior? How do you stand out as loyal to the people you are leading? It's simple: do the things that others aren't willing to do.Whether you're a leader a team member or a candidate success comes from having the discipline to do the things that you know you should be doing even when you don't feel like doing them. When you practice this kind of self discipline regularly you'll naturally stand out from the pack -- because most people avoid the hard stuff. It's just easier to put it off.But the truth is that what feels easy now creates problems down the line. And what feels hard now -- doing the stuff you don't feel like -- makes everything easier in the long-term. Self discipline doesn't have to be hard -- you just have to change the way you think about it.Read more: Ambition could make you reach but not happySuccessful people have mastered the art of self discipline. I've spent the last 10 years studying and coaching some of the most successful people in business figuring out what makes them different. They're not smarter or more talented than the average person -- they just consistently do what others aren't willing to do by keeping three principles in mind:Do it scared. Fear is one of the biggest saboteurs of our goals because it inhibits action. The next time you feel yourself putting something off because you're afraid -- of uncertainty or failure -- just "do it scared."I once heard a true story of a woman who was trapped in a burning building on the 80th floor. She was terrified of heights and enclosed spaces and when the fire alarm went off she refused to follow her colleagues into the stairwell to evacuate to safety.The firemen did a sweep of the building and found her hiding under her desk waiting to die. She was screaming "I'm scared I'm scared!" as the firemen insisted she walk down the stairwell. Until one fireman said: "that's OK just do it scared." He repeated it all the way down the 80 flights of stairs until he brought her to safety.We've all faced these moments in our careers -- when you know what has to be done but your fear holds you back. In order to stand out you must develop the habit of acting in the face of fear. It's fine to be scared -- do it scared. It's fine to be unsure -- do it unsure. It's fine to be uncomfortable -- do it uncomfortable. Just do something.This is the attitude of the most disciplined and successful people on the planet. They might be scared but they do it anyways. And by just doing something you create movement and momentum that will lead to progress and results.Read more: Realize your potential 'dare to be different'Habits not results. Perfectionism is one of the most common reasons people procrastinate and we've all done it at some point.The best way to overcome this impulse is to put your self esteem into stellar work habits instead of results. It can take a while to see the fruits of your labor -- whether you're spearheading a new initiative trying to launch a business or planning a second act career. To keep yourself motivated tak